10-K	
1	
tsla-10k_20181231.htm	
10-K
	
UNITED	STATES
SECURITIES	AND	EXCHANGE	COMMISSION
Washington,	D.C.	20549
	
FORM	10-K
	
(Mark	One)
☒
ANNUAL	REPORT	PURSUANT	TO	SECTION	13	OR	15(d)	OF	THE	SECURITIES	EXCHANGE	ACT	OF	1934
For	the	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2018
	
OR
☐
TRANSITION	REPORT	PURSUANT	TO	SECTION	13	OR	15(d)	OF	THE	SECURITIES	EXCHANGE	ACT	OF	1934
For	the	transition	period	from	
																				
	to	
																					
Commission	File	Number:	001-34756
	
Tesla,	Inc.
(Exact	name	of	registrant	as	specified	in	its	charter)
	
	
Delaware
	
91-2197729
(State	or	other	jurisdiction	of
incorporation	or	organization)
	
(I.R.S.	Employer
Identification	No.)
	
	
	
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	California
	
94304
(Address	of	principal	executive	offices)
	
(Zip	Code)
(650)	681-5000
(Registrant’s	telephone	number,	including	area	code)
Securities	registered	pursuant	to	Section	12(b)	of	the	Act:
	
Title	of	each	class
	
Name	of	each	exchange	on	which	registered
Common	Stock,	$0.001	par	value
	
The	NASDAQ	Stock	Market	LLC
Securities	registered	pursuant	to	Section	12(g)	of	the	Act:
None
	
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	well-known	seasoned	issuer,	as	defined	in	Rule	405	of	the	Securities	Act.				Yes		
☒
				No		
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	if	the	registrant	is	not	required	to	file	reports	pursuant	to	Section	13	or	15(d)	of	the	Act.				Yes		
☐
				No		
☒
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	(1)	has	filed	all	reports	required	to	be	filed	by	Section	13	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	(“Exchange	Act”)	during	the	preceding
12	months	(or	for	such	shorter	period	that	the	registrant	was	required	to	file	such	reports),	and	(2)	has	been	subject	to	such	filing	requirements	for	the	past	90	days.				Yes		
☒
				No		
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	has	submitted	electronically	every	Interactive	Data	File	required	to	be	submitted	pursuant	to	Rule	405	of	Regulation	S-T	(§	232.405	of	this
chapter)
	
during	the	preceding	12	months	(or	for	such	shorter	period	that	the	registrant	was	required	to	submit	such	files).				Yes		
☒
				No		
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	if	disclosure	of	delinquent	filers	pursuant	to	Item	405	of	Regulation	S-K	(§229.405	of	this	chapter)	is	not	contained	herein,	and	will	not	be	contained,	to	the	best	of
registrant’s	knowledge,	in	definitive	proxy	or	information	statements	incorporated	by	reference	in	Part	III	of	this	Form	10-K	or	any	amendment	to	this	Form	10-K.		
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	large	accelerated	filer,	an	accelerated	filer,	a	non-accelerated	filer,	a	smaller	reporting	company	or	an	emerging	growth	company.	See	the
definitions	of	“large	accelerated	filer,”	“accelerated	filer,”	“smaller	reporting	company”	and	“emerging	growth	company”	in	Rule	12b-2	of	the	Exchange	Act:
	
Large	accelerated	filer
	
☒
		
Accelerated	filer
	
☐
	
	
	
	
Non-accelerated	filer
	
☐
		
		
Smaller	reporting	company
	
☐
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Emerging	growth	company
	
☐
	
	
	
	
If	an	emerging	growth	company,	indicate	by	check	mark	if	the	registrant	has	elected	not	to	use	the	extended	transition	period	for	complying	with	any	new	or	revised	financial	accounting
standards	provided	pursuant	to	Section	13(a)	of	the	Exchange	Act.				
☐
Indicate	by	check	mark	whether	the	registrant	is	a	shell	company	(as	defined	in	Rule	12b-2	of	the	Exchange	Act).				Yes		
☐
				No		
☒
The	aggregate	market	value	of	voting	stock	held	by	non-affiliates	of	the	registrant,	as	of	June	30,	2018,	the	last	day	of	the	registrant’s	most	recently	completed	second	fiscal	quarter,	was
$46.57	billion	(based	on	the	closing	price	for	shares	of	the	registrant’s	Common	Stock	as	reported	by	the	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market	on	June	30,	2018).	Shares	of	Common	Stock	held	by	each
executive	officer,	director,	and	holder	of	5%	or	more	of	the	outstanding	Common	Stock	have	been	excluded	in	that	such	persons	may	be	deemed	to	be	affiliates.	This	determination	of	affiliate	status
is	not	necessarily	a	conclusive	determination	for	other	purposes.
As	of	February	12,	2019,	there	were	172,721,487	shares	of	the	registrant’s	Common	Stock	outstanding.
DOCUMENTS	INCORPORATED	BY	REFERENCE
Portions	of	the	registrant’s	Proxy	Statement	for	the	2019	Annual	Meeting	of	Stockholders	are	incorporated	herein	by	reference	in	Part	III	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	to	the	extent	stated
herein.	Such	proxy	statement	will	be	filed	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	within	120	days	of	the	registrant’s	fiscal	year	ended	December	31,	2018.
	
	
		
TESLA,	INC.
ANNUAL	REPORT	ON	FORM	10-K	FOR	THE	YEAR	ENDED	DECEMBER	31,	2018
INDEX
	
	
	
	
	
Page
PART	I.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	1.
	
Business
		
1
Item	1A.
	
Risk	Factors
	
16
Item	1B.
	
Unresolved	Staff	Comments
	
37
Item	2.
	
Properties
	
38
Item	3.
	
Legal	Proceedings
	
38
Item	4.
	
Mine	Safety	Disclosures
	
38
	
	
	
PART	II.
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	5.
	
Market	for	Registrant’s	Common	Equity,	Related	Stockholder	Matters	and	Issuer	Purchases	of	Equity	Securities
	
39
Item	6.
	
Selected	Financial	Data
	
41
Item	7.
	
Management’s	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial	Condition	and	Results	of	Operations
	
42
Item	7A.
	
Quantitative	and	Qualitative	Disclosures	About	Market	Risk
	
68
Item	8.
	
Financial	Statements	and	Supplementary	Data
	
69
Item	9.
	
Changes	in	and	Disagreements	with	Accountants	on	Accounting	and	Financial	Disclosure
	
139
Item	9A.
	
Controls	and	Procedures
	
139
Item	9B.
	
Other	Information
	
139
	
	
	
PART	III.
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	10.
	
Directors,	Executive	Officers	and	Corporate	Governance
	
140
Item	11.
	
Executive	Compensation
	
140
Item	12.
	
Security	Ownership	of	Certain	Beneficial	Owners	and	Management	and	Related	Stockholder	Matters
	
140
Item	13.
	
Certain	Relationships	and	Related	Transactions,	and	Director	Independence
	
140
Item	14.
	
Principal	Accountant	Fees	and	Services
	
140
	
	
	
	
PART	IV.
	
	
	
	
	
	
Item	15.
	
Exhibits	and	Financial	Statement	Schedules
	
140
Item	16.
	
Summary
	
172
	
	
	
Signatures
	
173
	
	
	
i	
Forward-Looking	Statements
The	discussions	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	contain	forward-looking	statements	reflecting	our	current	expectations	that
involve	risks	and	uncertainties.	These	forward-looking	statements	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	statements	concerning	our	strategy,
future	operations,	future	financial	position,	future	revenues,	projected	costs,	profitability,	expected	cost	reductions,	capital	adequacy,
expectations	regarding	demand	and	acceptance	for	our	technologies,	growth	opportunities	and	trends	in	the	market	in	which	we	operate,
prospects	and	plans	and	objectives	of	management.	The	words	“anticipates,”	“believes,”	“could,”	“estimates,”	“expects,”	“intends,”
“may,”	“plans,”	“projects,”	“will,”	“would”	and	similar	expressions	are	intended	to	identify	forward-looking	statements,	although	not	all
forward-looking	statements	contain	these	identifying	words.	We	may	not	actually	achieve	the	plans,	intentions	or	expectations	disclosed
in	our	forward-looking	statements	and	you	should	not	place	undue	reliance	on	our	forward-looking	statements.	Actual	results	or	events
could	differ	materially	from	the	plans,	intentions	and	expectations	disclosed	in	the	forward-looking	statements	that	we	make.	These
forward-looking	statements	involve	risks	and	uncertainties	that	could	cause	our	actual	results	to	differ	materially	from	those	in	the
forward-looking	statements,	including,	without	limitation,	the	risks	set	forth	in	Part	I,	Item	1A,	“Risk	Factors”	in	this	Annual	Report	on
Form	10-K	and	in	our	other	filings	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	We	do	not	assume	any	obligation	to	update	any
forward-looking	statements.
	
	
	
	
		
P
ART	I
I
TEM	1.
BUSINESS
	
Overview
We	design,	develop,	manufacture	and	sell	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles	(“EVs”)	and	energy	generation	and	storage	systems,	and	also
install	and	maintain	such	energy	systems	and	sell	solar	electricity.	We	are	the	world’s	first	vertically	integrated	sustainable	energy	company,	offering
end-to-end	clean	energy	products,	including	generation,	storage	and	consumption.	We	have	established	and	continue	to	grow	a	global	network	of	stores,
galleries,	vehicle	service	centers,	Mobile	Service	technicians,	body	shops,	Supercharger	stations	and	Destination	Chargers	to	accelerate	the	widespread
adoption	of	our	products,	and	we	continue	to	develop	self-driving	capability	in	order	to	improve	vehicle	safety.	Our	sustainable	energy	products,
engineering	expertise,	intense	focus	to	accelerate	the	world’s	transition	to	sustainable	energy,	and	business	model	differentiate	us	from	other
companies.	
We	currently	produce	and	sell	three	fully	electric	vehicles:	the	Model	S	sedan,	the	Model	X	sport	utility	vehicle	(“SUV”)	and	the	Model	3	sedan.
All	of	our	vehicles	offer	high	performance	and	functionality	as	well	as	attractive	styling.
We	commenced	deliveries	of	Model	S	in	June	2012	and	have	continued	to	improve	Model	S	by	introducing	performance,	all-wheel	drive	dual
motor,	and	Autopilot	options,	as	well	as	free	over-the-air	software	updates.	We	commenced	deliveries	of	Model	X	in	September	2015.	Model	X	offers
seating	for	up	to	seven	people,	all-wheel	drive,	and	our	Autopilot	functionality.	We	commenced	deliveries	of	Model	3,	a	lower-priced	sedan	designed	for
the	mass	market,	in	July	2017,	and	we	have	significantly	ramped	its	production.	We	are	now	embarking	on	the	delivery	of	Model	3	in	international
markets	and	are	focusing	on	lowering	manufacturing	costs	while	continuing	to	increase	its	production	rate.
We	also	intend	to	bring	additional	all-electric	vehicles	to	market	in	the	future,	including	
Model	Y,	the	Tesla	Semi	truck,	a	pickup	truck	and	a
new	version	of	the	Tesla	Roadster
.	The	production	of	fully	electric	vehicles	that	meet	consumers’	range	and	performance	expectations	requires
substantial	design,	engineering,	and	integration	work	on	almost	every	system	of	our	vehicles.	Our	design	and	vehicle	engineering	capabilities,	combined
with	the	technical	advancements	of	our	powertrain	system,	have	enabled	us	to	design	and	develop	electric	vehicles	that	we	believe	overcome	the
design,	styling,	and	performance	issues	that	have	historically	limited	broad	adoption	of	electric	vehicles.	As	a	result,	our	customers	enjoy	several
benefits,	including:
	
•
Long	Range	and	Recharging	Flexibility
.	Our	vehicles	offer	ranges	that	significantly	exceed	those	of	any	other	commercially	available
electric	vehicle.	In	addition,	our	vehicles	incorporate	our	proprietary	on-board	charging	system,	permitting	recharging	from	almost	any
available	electrical	outlet,	and	also	offer	fast	charging	capability	from	our	proprietary	Supercharger	network.
	
•
High-Performance	Without	Compromised	Design	or	Functionality
.	Our	vehicles	deliver	instantaneous	and	sustained	acceleration,	an
advanced	Autopilot	system	with	active	safety	and	convenience	features,	and	over-the-air	software	updates.
	
•
Energy	Efficiency	and	Cost	of	Ownership
.	Our	vehicles	offer	an	attractive	cost	of	ownership	compared	to	internal	combustion	engine	or
hybrid	electric	vehicles.	Using	only	an	electric	powertrain	enables	us	to	create	more	energy-efficient	vehicles	that	are	mechanically
simpler	than	currently	available	hybrid	or	internal	combustion	engine	vehicles.	The	cost	to	charge	our	vehicles	is	less	compared	to
fueling	internal	combustion	vehicles.	We	also	expect	our	electric	vehicles	will	have	lower	relative	maintenance	costs	than	other	vehicles
due	to	fewer	moving	parts	and	the	absence	of	certain	components,	including	oil,	oil	filters,	spark	plugs	and	engine	valves.
We	sell	our	vehicles	through	our	own	sales	and	service	network	which	we	are	continuing	to	grow	globally.	The	benefits	we	receive	from
distribution	ownership	enable	us	to	improve	the	overall	customer	experience,	the	speed	of	product	development	and	the	capital	efficiency	of	our
business.	We	are	also	continuing	to	build	our	network	of	Superchargers	and	Destination	Chargers	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	to	provide
alternative	convenient	options	for	fast	charging.
1	
In	addition,	we	are	leveraging	our	technological	expertise	in	batteries,	power	electronics,	and	integrated	systems	to	manufacture	and	sell
energy	storage	products.	In	late	2016,	we	began	production	and	deliveries	of	our	latest	generation	energy	storage	products,	Powerwall	2	and
Powerpack	2.	Powerwall	2	is	a	14	kilowatt	hour	(“kWh”)	home	battery	with	an	integrated	inverter.	Powerpack	2	is	an	infinitely	scalable	energy	storage
system	for	commercial,	industrial	and	utility	applications,	comprised	of	up	to	210	kWh	(AC)	battery	packs	and	up	to	650	kVa	(at	480V)	inverters.	Similar
to	our	electric	vehicles,	our	energy	storage	products	have	been	developed	to	receive	over-the-air	firmware	and	software	updates	that	enable	additional
features	over	time.
Finally,	we	sell	and	lease	solar	energy	systems	(with	or	without	accompanying	energy	storage	systems)	to	residential	and	commercial	customers
and	sell	renewable	energy	to	residential	and	commercial	customers	at	prices	that	are	typically	below	utility	rates.	Since	2006,	we	have	installed	solar
energy	systems	for	hundreds	of	thousands	of	customers.	However,	the	electricity	produced	by	our	solar	installations	represents	a	very	small	fraction	of
total	U.S.	electricity	generation.	With	tens	of	millions	of	single-family	homes	and	businesses	in	our	primary	service	territories,	and	many	more	in	other
locations,	we	have	a	large	opportunity	to	expand	and	grow	this	business.	We	believe	that	residential	solar	energy	generation	is	gaining	momentum,	as
exemplified	in	part	by	the	state	of	California	recently	requiring	that	new	homes	be	built	with	solar	generation	starting	in	2020.	We	also	intend	to	ramp
production	of	our	innovative	Solar	Roof	product.
We	manufacture	our	vehicle	products	primarily	at	our	facilities	in	Fremont,	California,	Lathrop,	California,	Tilburg,	Netherlands	and	at	our
Gigafactory	1	near	Reno,	Nevada.	We	manufacture	our	energy	storage	products	at	Gigafactory	1	and	Tesla	solar	products	at	our	U.S.	facilities	including
in	Buffalo,	New	York	(Gigafactory	2).	In	January	2019,	we	began	construction	of	our	Gigafactory	Shanghai	in	China,	where	we	intend	to	commence
production	of	certain	trims	of	Model	3	for	the	local	market	by	the	end	of	2019.
Our	Products	and	Services
Vehicles
Model	S
Model	S	is	a	fully	electric,	four-door,	five-adult	passenger	sedan	that	offers	compelling	range	and	high	performance	and	our	all-wheel	drive	dual
motor	system,	which	we	also	offer	in	a	performance	version.	Model	S	100D	is	the	longest	range	all-electric	production	sedan	in	the	world,	and	the
performance	version	with	the	Ludicrous	speed	upgrade	is	the	quickest	accelerating	production	vehicle	available.
Model	S	introduced	a	17	inch	touch	screen	driver	interface,	our	advanced	Autopilot	hardware	to	enable	both	active	safety	and	convenience
features,	and	over-the-air	software	updates.	We	believe	the	combination	of	performance,	safety,	styling,	convenience	and	energy	efficiency	of	Model	S
positions	it	as	a	compelling	alternative	to	other	vehicles	in	the	luxury	and	performance	segments.
Model	X
Model	X	is	the	longest	range	all-electric	production	sport	utility	vehicle	in	the	world,	and	offers	high	performance	features	such	as	our	fully
electric,	all-wheel	drive	dual	motor	system	and	our	Autopilot	system.	Model	X	can	seat	up	to	seven	adults	and	incorporates	a	unique	falcon	wing	door
system	for	easy	access	to	the	second	and	third	seating	rows.	Model	X	is	sold	in	all	markets	where	Model	S	is	available.
Model	3
Model	3	is	our	third	generation	electric	vehicle,	which	we	began	delivering	in	July	2017.	Model	3	and	its	drive	units	are	currently	produced	at
high	volumes	at	the	Tesla	Factory	in	Fremont,	California	and	at	Gigafactory	1,	respectively,	and	we	intend	to	begin	
production	of	certain	vehicle	trims
for	China	at	our	Gigafactory	Shanghai	by	the	end	of	2019
.	We	have	offered	a	number	of	variants	of	Model	3,	including	performance,	dual	motor,	single
motor,	long-range	and	medium-range,	and	intend	to	offer	in	the	future	a	variant	of	Model	3	at	a	starting	price	of	$35,000.	We	are	now	embarking	on	the
delivery	of	Model	3	in	international	markets	and	are	focusing	on	lowering	manufacturing	costs	while	continuing	to	increase	its	production	rate.
2	
Future	Consumer	and	Commercial	EVs
In	addition	to	our	volume-produced	consumer	EVs,	including	future	vehicles	such	as	Model	Y	and	a	pickup	truck,	we	are	planning	to	introduce
additional	types	of	vehicles	to	address	a	broader	cross-section	of	the	vehicle	market,	including	commercial	EVs	such	as	the	Tesla	Semi	truck,	and	a	new
version	of	the	Tesla	Roadster.	We	have	started	to	accept	reservations	for	the	Tesla	Semi	truck	and	the	new	Tesla	Roadster.
Energy	Storage
Using	the	energy	management	technologies	and	manufacturing	processes	developed	for	our	vehicle	powertrain	systems,	we	developed	energy
storage	products	for	use	in	homes,	commercial	facilities	and	on	the	utility	grid.	Advances	in	battery	architecture,	thermal	management	and	power
electronics	that	were	originally	commercialized	in	our	vehicles	are	now	being	leveraged	in	our	energy	storage	products.	Our	energy	storage	systems	are
used	for	numerous	applications	including	backup	power,	grid	independence,	peak	demand	reduction,	demand	response,	reducing	intermittency	of
renewable	generation,	replacement	of	fossil	fuel	generation	and	wholesale	electric	market	services.
Our	energy	product	portfolio	includes	systems	with	a	wide	range	of	applications,	from	residential	to	large	grid-scale	projects.	Powerwall	2	is	a
14	kWh	rechargeable	lithium-ion	battery	designed	to	store	energy	at	a	home	or	small	commercial	facility	and	can	be	used	to	provide	seamless	backup
power	in	a	grid	outage	and	to	maximize	self-consumption	of	solar	power	generation.	In	addition,	we	offer	the	Powerpack	2	system,	a	fully	integrated
energy	storage	solution	comprised	of	up	to	210kWh	(AC)	battery	packs	and	up	to	650	kVa	(at	480V)	inverters	that	can	be	grouped	together	to	form
megawatt	hour	(“MWh”)	and	gigawatt	hour	(“GWh”)	sized	installations.	The	Powerpack	2	system	can	be	used	by	commercial	and	industrial	customers
for	peak	shaving,	load	shifting,	self-consumption	of	solar	generation	and	demand	response,	as	well	as	to	provide	backup	power	during	grid	outages,	and
by	utilities	and	independent	power	producers	to	smooth	and	firm	the	output	of	renewable	power	generation	sources,	provide	dynamic	energy	capacity
to	the	grid,	defer	or	eliminate	the	need	to	upgrade	transmission	or	distribution	infrastructure,	and	provide	a	variety	of	other	grid	services	such	as
frequency	regulation	and	voltage	control.	Powerpack	2	can	also	be	combined	with	renewable	energy	generation	sources	to	create	microgrids	that
provide	communities	with	clean,	resilient	and	affordable	power.
Along	with	designing	and	manufacturing	energy	storage	products,	we	continue	to	develop	and	advance	our	software	capabilities	for	the	control
and	optimal	dispatch	of	energy	storage	systems	across	a	wide	range	of	markets	and	applications.
Solar	Energy	Systems
The	major	components	of	our	solar	energy	systems	include	solar	panels	that	convert	sunlight	into	electrical	current,	inverters	that	convert	the
electrical	output	from	the	panels	to	a	usable	current	compatible	with	the	electric	grid,	racking	that	attaches	the	solar	panels	to	the	roof	or	ground,
electrical	hardware	that	connects	the	solar	energy	system	to	the	electric	grid,	and	our	monitoring	device.	While	we	have	recently	started	manufacturing
solar	panels	at	Gigafactory	2	in	collaboration	with	Panasonic,	we	currently	purchase	the	majority	of	system	components	from	vendors,	maintaining
multiple	sources	for	each	major	component	to	ensure	competitive	pricing	and	an	adequate	supply	of	materials.	We	also	design	and	manufacture	other
system	components.
The	residential	solar	energy	systems	that	we	sell	enable	our	customers	to	take	direct	advantage	of	federal	tax	credits	to	reduce	their	electricity
costs.	Our	solar	loan	offering	enables	customers	to	own	their	solar	energy	systems	with	little	upfront	cost.	We	also	continue	to	offer	lease	and	power
purchase	agreement	(“PPA”)	options	to	both	residential	and	commercial	customers.	Our	current	standard	leases	and	PPAs	have	a	20-year	term,	and	we
typically	offer	customers	the	opportunity	to	renew	their	agreements.
In	October	2016,	we	unveiled	Solar	Roof,	which	integrates	solar	energy	production	with	aesthetically	pleasing	and	durable	glass	roofing	tiles
and	is	designed	to	complement	the	architecture	of	homes	and	commercial	buildings	while	turning	sunlight	into	electricity.	We	have	been	installing	this
product	at	a	slow	pace	to	gather	learnings	about	our	design	and	installation	processes,	and	plan	to	ramp	the	production	of	Solar	Roof	with	significantly
improved	manufacturing	capabilities	during	2019.
3	
Technology
Vehicles
Our	core	competencies	are	powertrain	engineering,	vehicle	engineering,	innovative	manufacturing	and	energy	storage.	Our	core	intellectual
property	includes	our	electric	powertrain,	our	ability	to	design	vehicles	that	utilize	the	unique	advantages	of	an	electric	powertrain	and	our
development	of	self-driving	technologies.	Our	powertrain	consists	of	our	battery	pack,	power	electronics,	motor,	gearbox	and	control	software.	We	offer
several	powertrain	variants	for	our	vehicles	that	incorporate	years	of	research	and	development.	In	addition,	we	have	designed	our	vehicles	to
incorporate	the	latest	advances	in	consumer	technologies,	such	as	mobile	computing,	sensing,	displays,	and	connectivity.
Battery	Pack
We	design	our	battery	packs	to	achieve	high	energy	density	at	a	low	cost	while	also	maintaining	safety,	reliability	and	long	life.	Our	proprietary
technology	includes	systems	for	high	density	energy	storage,	cooling,	safety,	charge	balancing,	structural	durability,	and	electronics	management.	We
have	also	pioneered	advanced	manufacturing	techniques	to	manufacture	large	volumes	of	battery	packs	with	high	quality	at	low	cost.
We	have	significant	expertise	in	the	safety	and	management	systems	needed	to	use	lithium-ion	cells	in	the	automotive	environment,	and	have
further	optimized	cell	designs	to	increase	overall	performance.	These	advancements	have	enabled	us	to	improve	over	time	the	cost	and	performance	of
our	batteries.
Our	engineering	and	manufacturing	efforts	have	been	performed	with	a	longer-term	goal	of	building	a	foundation	for	further	development.	For
instance,	we	have	designed	our	battery	pack	to	permit	flexibility	with	respect	to	battery	cell	chemistry	and	form	factor.	We	maintain	extensive	testing
and	R&D	capabilities	at	the	individual	cell	level,	the	full	battery-pack	level	and	on	other	critical	battery	pack	systems,	and	have	built	an	expansive	body
of	knowledge	on	lithium-ion	cell	vendors,	chemistry	types,	and	performance	characteristics.	We	believe	that	the	flexibility	of	our	designs,	combined	with
our	research	and	real-world	performance	data,	will	enable	us	to	continue	to	evaluate	new	battery	cells	and	optimize	battery	pack	system	performance
and	cost	for	our	current	and	future	vehicles.
Power	Electronics
The	power	electronics	in	our	electric	vehicle	powertrain	govern	the	flow	of	high	voltage	electrical	current	throughout	our	vehicles	and	serve	to
power	our	electric	motor	to	generate	torque	while	driving	and	deliver	energy	into	the	battery	pack	while	charging.
The	drive	inverter	converts	direct	current	from	the	battery	pack	into	alternating	current	to	drive	our	induction	and	permanent	magnet	motors
and	provides	“regenerative	braking”	functionality,	which	captures	energy	from	the	wheels	to	charge	the	battery	pack.	The	primary	technological
advantages	to	our	designs	include	the	ability	to	drive	large	amounts	of	current	in	a	small	physical	package	with	high	efficiency	and	low	cost.
The	charger	charges	the	battery	pack	by	converting	alternating	current	(usually	from	a	wall	outlet	or	other	electricity	source)	into	direct
current	that	can	be	accepted	by	the	battery.	Tesla	vehicles	can	recharge	on	a	wide	variety	of	electricity	sources	due	to	the	design	of	this	charger,	from	a
common	household	outlet	to	high	power	circuits	meant	for	more	industrial	uses.
Dual	Motor	Powertrain
We	offer	dual	motor	powertrain	vehicles,	which	use	two	electric	motors	to	maximize	traction	and	performance	in	an	all-wheel	drive
configuration.	Tesla’s	dual	motor	powertrain	digitally	and	independently	controls	torque	to	the	front	and	rear	wheels.	The	near-instantaneous	response
of	the	motors,	combined	with	low	centers	of	gravity,	provides	drivers	with	controlled	performance	and	increased	traction	control.
4	
Vehicle	Control	and	Infotainment	Software
The	performance	and	safety	systems	of	our	vehicles	and	their	battery	packs	require	sophisticated	control	software.	There	are	numerous
processors	in	our	vehicles	to	control	these	functions,	and	we	write	custom	firmware	for	many	of	these	processors.	Software	algorithms	control	traction,
vehicle	stability,	the	acceleration	and	regenerative	braking	of	the	vehicle,	climate	control	and	thermal	management,	and	are	also	used	extensively	to
monitor	the	charge	state	of	the	battery	pack	and	to	manage	all	of	its	safety	systems.	Drivers	use	the	information	and	control	systems	in	our	vehicles	to
optimize	performance,	customize	vehicle	behavior,	manage	charging	modes	and	times	and	control	all	infotainment	functions.	We	develop	almost	all	of
this	software,	including	most	of	the	user	interfaces,	internally.
Self-Driving	Development
We	have	expertise	in	developing	self-driving	systems,	and	currently	offer	in	our	vehicles	an	advanced	driver	assist	system	that	we	refer	to	as
Autopilot,	including	auto-steering,	traffic	aware	cruise	control,	automated	lane	changing,	automated	parking,	Summon	and	driver	warning	systems.	In
October	2016,	we	began	equipping	all	Tesla	vehicles	with	hardware	needed	for	full	self-driving	capability,	including	cameras	that	provide	360	degree
visibility,	updated	ultrasonic	sensors	for	object	detection,	a	forward-facing	radar	with	enhanced	processing,	and	a	powerful	new	onboard	computer.	Our
Autopilot	systems	relieve	our	drivers	of	the	most	tedious	and	potentially	dangerous	aspects	of	road	travel.	Although,	at	present,	the	driver	is	ultimately
responsible	for	controlling	the	vehicle,	our	system	provides	safety	and	convenience	functionality	that	allows	our	customers	to	rely	on	it	much	like	the
system	that	airplane	pilots	use	when	conditions	permit.	This	hardware	suite,	along	with	over-the-air	firmware	updates	and	field	data	feedback	loops
from	the	onboard	camera,	radar,	ultrasonics,	and	GPS,	enables	the	system	to	continually	learn	and	improve	its	performance.
Additionally,	we	continue	to	make	significant	advancements	in	the	development	of	fully	self-driving	technologies.
Energy	Storage
We	are	leveraging	many	of	the	component-level	technologies	from	our	vehicles	to	advance	our	energy	storage	products,	including	high	density
energy	storage,	cooling,	safety,	charge	balancing,	structural	durability,	and	electronics	management.	By	taking	a	modular	approach	to	the	design	of
battery	systems,	we	are	able	to	maximize	manufacturing	capacity	to	produce	both	Powerwall	and	Powerpack	products.	Additionally,	we	are	making
significant	strides	in	the	area	of	bi-directional,	grid-tied	power	electronics	that	enable	us	to	interconnect	our	battery	systems	seamlessly	with	global
electricity	grids	while	providing	fast-acting	systems	for	power	injection	and	absorption.
Solar	Energy	Systems
We	are	continually	innovating	and	developing	new	technologies	to	facilitate	the	growth	of	our	solar	energy	systems	business.	For	example,
Solar	Roof	is	being	designed	to	work	seamlessly	with	Tesla	Powerwall	2	and	we	have	developed	proprietary	software	to	reduce	system	design	and
installation	timelines	and	costs.
Design	and	Engineering
Vehicles
In	addition	to	the	design,	development	and	production	of	the	powertrain,	we	have	created	significant	in-house	capabilities	in	the	design	and
engineering	of	electric	vehicles	and	their	components	and	systems.	We	design	and	engineer	bodies,	chassis,	interiors,	heating	and	cooling	and	low
voltage	electrical	systems	in-house,	and	to	a	lesser	extent,	in	conjunction	with	our	suppliers.	Our	team	has	core	competencies	in	computer	aided	design
and	crash	test	simulations,	which	reduces	the	product	development	time	of	new	models.
5	
Additionally,	our	team	has	expertise	in	lightweight	materials,	a	very	important	characteristic	for	electric	vehicles	given	the	impact	of	mass	on
range.	Model	S	and	Model	X	are	built	with	a	lightweight	aluminum	body	and	chassis	which	incorporate	a	variety	of	materials	and	production	methods
that	help	optimize	the	weight	of	the	vehicle.	Moreover,	we	have	designed	Model	3	with	a	mix	of	materials	to	be	lightweight	and	safe	while	also
increasing	cost-effectiveness	for	this	mass-market	vehicle.	We	are	designing	Model	Y	on	the	Model	3	platform	and	expect	that	Model	Y	will	share	about
75%	of	its	components	with	Model	3,	which	we	expect	will	reduce	the	cost	and	time	to	ramp	production	of	Model	Y.
Energy	Storage
We	have	an	in-house	engineering	team	that	both	designs	our	energy	storage	products	themselves,	and	works	with	our	residential,	commercial
and	utility	customers	to	design	bespoke	systems	incorporating	our	products.	Our	team’s	expertise	in	electrical,	mechanical,	civil	and	software
engineering	enables	us	to	create	integrated	energy	storage	solutions	that	meet	the	particular	needs	of	all	customer	types.
Solar	Energy	Systems
We	also	have	an	in-house	engineering	team	that	designs	a	customized	solar	energy	system	or	Solar	Roof	for	each	of	our	customers,	and	which
works	closely	with	our	energy	storage	engineering	teams	to	integrate	an	energy	storage	system	when	requested	by	the	customer.	We	have	developed
software	that	simplifies	and	expedites	the	design	process	and	optimizes	the	design	to	maximize	the	energy	production	of	each	system.	Our	engineers
complete	a	structural	analysis	of	each	building	and	produce	a	full	set	of	structural	design	and	electrical	blueprints	that	contain	the	specifications	for	all
system	components.	Additionally,	we	design	complementary	mounting	and	grounding	hardware	where	required.
Sales	and	Marketing
Vehicles
Company-Owned	Stores	and	Galleries
We	market	and	sell	our	vehicles	directly	to	consumers	through	an	international	network	of	company-owned	stores	and	galleries,	which	we
believe	enables	us	to	better	control	costs	of	inventory,	manage	warranty	service	and	pricing,	maintain	and	strengthen	the	Tesla	brand,	and	obtain	rapid
customer	feedback.	Our	Tesla	stores	and	galleries	are	highly	visible,	premium	outlets	in	major	metropolitan	markets,	some	of	which	combine	retail	sales
and	service.	We	have	also	found	that	opening	a	service	center	in	a	new	geographic	area	can	increase	demand.	As	a	result,	we	have	complemented	our
store	strategy	with	sales	facilities	and	personnel	in	service	centers	to	more	rapidly	expand	our	retail	footprint.	We	refer	to	these	as	“Service	Plus”
locations.
Used	Car	Sales
Our	used	car	business	supports	new	car	sales	by	integrating	the	sale	of	a	new	Tesla	vehicle	with	a	customer’s	trade-in	needs	for	their	existing
Tesla	and	non-Tesla	vehicles.	The	Tesla	and	non-Tesla	vehicles	we	acquire	through	trade-ins	are	subsequently	remarketed,	either	directly	by	us	or
through	third-party	auto	auctions.	We	also	receive	used	Tesla	vehicles	to	resell	through	lease	returns	and	other	sources.
Charging
When	not	charging	at	home	or	at	work,	Tesla	customers	can	also	charge	using	our	Supercharger	and	Destination	Charging	networks.	In
addition,	our	vehicles	can	charge	at	a	variety	of	public	charging	stations	around	the	world,	either	natively	or	through	a	suite	of	adapters.	This	flexibility
provides	our	customers	with	many	charging	options	to	suit	various	situations.
6	
We	continue	to	build	out	our	Tesla	Supercharger	network	throughout	North	America,	Europe,	Asia	and	other	markets	for	our	customers’
convenience,	including	to	enable	long-distance	travel	and	urban	ownership.	Our	Supercharger	network	is	a	strategic	corporate	initiative	designed	to
provide	publicly	accessible	fast	charging	solutions,	and	remove	a	barrier	to	the	broader	adoption	of	electric	vehicles	caused	by	the	perception	of	limited
vehicle	range.	The	Tesla	Supercharger	is	an	industrial	grade,	high	speed	charger	designed	to	recharge	a	Tesla	vehicle	significantly	more	quickly	than
other	charging	options,	and	we	continue	to	evolve	our	technology	to	allow	for	even	faster	charging	times	at	lower	cost	to	us.	To	satisfy	growing	demand,
Supercharger	stations	typically	have	between	six	and	thirty	Superchargers	and	are	strategically	placed	along	well-traveled	routes	and	in	dense	city
centers	to	allow	Tesla	vehicle	owners	the	ability	to	enjoy	quick,	reliable	and	ubiquitous	charging	with	convenient,	minimal	stops.	Use	of	the
Supercharger	network	is	either	free	or	requires	a	competitive	fee.
We	work	with	a	wide	variety	of	hospitality,	retail,	and	public	destinations,	as	well	as	businesses	with	commuting	employees,	to	offer	additional
charging	options	for	our	customers.	These	Destination	Charging	and	workplace	locations	deploy	Tesla	Wall	Connectors	to	provide	charging	to	Tesla
vehicle	owners	who	patronize	or	are	employed	at	their	businesses.	We	also	work	with	single-family	homeowners	and	multi-family	residential	entities	to
deploy	home	charging	solutions	in	our	communities.
Where	possible,	we	are	co-locating	Superchargers	with	our	solar	and	energy	storage	systems	to	reduce	the	cost	of	electricity	and	promote	the
use	of	renewable	electricity	by	Tesla	vehicle	owners.		
Orders
We	offer	our	customers	the	flexibility	to	order	vehicles	with	their	desired	trims	and	options	by	visiting	us	online	at	our	website	or	in	person	at
our	Tesla	stores.
Marketing
Historically,	we	have	been	able	to	generate	significant	media	coverage	of	our	company	and	our	vehicles,	and	we	believe	we	will	continue	to	do
so.	To	date,	media	coverage	and	word	of	mouth	have	been	the	primary	drivers	of	our	vehicle	sales	leads	and	have	helped	us	achieve	sales	without
traditional	advertising	and	at	relatively	low	marketing	costs.
Solar	and	Energy	Storage
We	market	and	sell	our	solar	and	energy	storage	products	to	individuals,	commercial	and	industrial	customers	and	utilities	through	a	variety	of
channels.
In	the	U.S.,	we	have	been	transitioning	the	direct	sales	channel	for	residential	solar	and	energy	storage	products	from	former	partners	to	our
stores	and	galleries.	We	are	also	continuing	to	sell	residential	energy	storage	products	through	our	network	of	channel	partners.	Outside	of	the	U.S.,	we
use	our	international	sales	organization	and	a	network	of	channel	partners	to	market	and	sell	residential	energy	storage	products,	and	we	have	recently
launched	pilot	programs	for	the	sale	of	residential	solar	in	certain	countries.	We	also	sell	Powerwall	2	directly	to	utilities,	who	then	deploy	the	product
in	customer	homes.
We	sell	Powerpack	2	systems	to	commercial	and	utility	customers	through	our	international	sales	organization,	which	consists	of	experienced
energy	industry	professionals	in	all	of	our	target	markets,	as	well	as	through	our	channel	partner	network.	In	the	U.S	and	Mexico,	we	also	sell	installed
solar	energy	systems	(with	or	without	energy	storage)	to	commercial	customers	through	cash,	lease	and	PPA	transactions.
Service	and	Warranty
Vehicles
Service
We	provide	service	for	our	electric	vehicles	at	our	company-owned	service	centers,	at	our	Service	Plus	locations	or	through	an	expanding	fleet
of	Tesla	Mobile	Service	technicians	who	provide	services	that	do	not	require	a	vehicle	lift.	Performing	vehicle	service	ourselves	allows	us	to	identify
problems,	find	solutions,	and	incorporate	improvements	faster	than	incumbent	automobile	manufacturers.
7	
Our	vehicles	are	designed	with	the	capability	to	wirelessly	upload	data	to	us	via	an	on-board	system	with	cellular	connectivity,	allowing	us	to
diagnose	and	remedy	many	problems	before	ever	looking	at	the	vehicle.	When	maintenance	or	service	is	required,	a	customer	can	schedule	service	by
contacting	one	of	our	Tesla	service	centers	or	our	Mobile	Service	technicians	can	perform	an	array	of	services	from	a	customer’s	home	or	other	remote
location.
New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	Maintenance	and	Extended	Service	Plans
We	provide	a	four	year	or	50,000	mile	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty	with	every	new	vehicle,	subject	to	separate	limited	warranties	for	the
supplemental	restraint	system	and	battery	and	drive	unit.	For	the	battery	and	drive	unit	on	our	current	new	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles,	we	offer	an
eight	year,	infinite	mile	limited	warranty,	although	the	battery’s	charging	capacity	is	not	covered.	For	the	battery	and	drive	unit	on	our	current	new
Model	3	vehicles,	we	offer	an	eight	year	or	100,000	mile	limited	warranty	for	our	standard	or	mid-range	battery	and	an	eight	year	or	120,000	mile
limited	warranty	for	our	long	range	battery,	with	minimum	70%	retention	of	battery	capacity	over	the	warranty	period.
In	addition	to	the	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty,	we	currently	offer	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	a	comprehensive	maintenance	program	for	every
new	vehicle,	which	includes	plans	covering	prepaid	maintenance	for	up	to	four	years	or	up	to	50,000	miles	and	an	Extended	Service	plan.	The
maintenance	plans	cover	annual	inspections	and	the	replacement	of	certain	wear	and	tear	parts,	excluding	tires	and	the	battery.	The	Extended	Service
plan	covers	the	repair	or	replacement	of	vehicle	parts	for	up	to	an	additional	four	years	or	up	to	an	additional	50,000	miles	after	the	New	Vehicle
Limited	Warranty.
Energy	Storage
We	generally	provide	a	10	year	“no	defect”	and	“energy	retention”	warranty	with	every	Powerwall	2	and	a	15	year	“no	defect”	and	“energy
retention”	warranty	with	every	Powerpack	2	system.	For	Powerwall	2,	the	energy	retention	warranty	involves	us	guaranteeing	that	the	energy	capacity
of	the	product	will	be	70%	or	80%	(depending	on	the	region	of	installation)	of	its	nameplate	capacity	after	10	years	of	use.	For	Powerpack	2,	the	energy
retention	warranty	involves	us	guaranteeing	a	minimum	energy	capacity	in	each	of	its	first	15	years	of	use.	For	both	products,	our	warranty	is	subject	to
specified	use	restrictions	or	kWh	throughput	caps.	In	addition,	we	offer	certain	extended	warranties,	which	customers	are	able	to	purchase	from	us	at
the	time	they	purchase	an	energy	storage	system,	including	a	20	year	extended	protection	plan	for	Powerwall	2	and	a	selection	of	10	or	20	year
performance	guarantees	for	Powerpack	2.	We	agree	to	repair	or	replace	our	energy	storage	products	in	the	event	of	a	valid	warranty	claim.		In
circumstances	where	we	install	a	Powerwall	2	or	Powerpack	2	system,	we	also	provide	warranties	of	up	to	20	years	on	our	installation	workmanship.	All
of	the	warranties	for	our	energy	storage	systems	are	subject	to	customary	limitations	and	exclusions.
Solar	Energy	Systems
For	traditional	solar	energy	systems,	we	provide	a	workmanship	warranty	for	up	to	20	years	from	installation	and	a	separate	warranty	against
roof	leaks.	We	also	pass-through	the	inverter	and	module	manufacturer	warranties	(typically	12	years	and	25	years	respectively).	When	we	lease	a
traditional	solar	energy	system,	we	compensate	the	customer	if	their	system	produces	less	energy	than	guaranteed	over	a	specified	period.	For	Solar
Roof,	we	provide	a	warranty	against	glass	tile	chipping	or	cracking	for	the	lifetime	of	the	home,	a	30	year	installation	warranty,	a	30	year
weatherization	warranty	and	a	power	output	warranty.	For	all	systems	(traditional	and	Solar	Roof)	we	also	provide	service	and	repair	(either	under
warranty	or	for	a	fee)	during	the	entire	term	of	the	customer	relationship.
Financial	Services
Vehicles
We	offer	financing	arrangements	for	our	vehicles	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	primarily	through	various	financial	institutions.	We	also
currently	offer	Model	S	and	Model	X	leasing	directly	through	our	local	subsidiaries	in	the	U.S.	and	Canada.	We	intend	to	broaden	our	financial	services
offerings	during	the	next	few	years.	
8	
Certain	of	our	current	financing	programs	outside	of	North	America	provide	customers	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	under	which	those
customers	have	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	at	a	preset	future	date,	generally	at	the	end	of	the	term	of	the	applicable	loan	or	financing
program,	for	a	pre-determined	resale	value.
	In	certain	markets,	we	also	offer	vehicle	buyback	guarantees	to	financial	institutions,	which	may	obligate	us
to	repurchase	the	vehicles	for	a	pre-determined	price.
Solar	Energy	Systems
We	are	an	industry	leader	in	offering	innovative	financing	alternatives	that	allow	our	customers	to	take	direct	advantage	of	available	tax	credits
and	incentives	to	reduce	the	cost	of	owning	a	solar	energy	system	through	a	solar	loan,	or	to	make	the	switch	to	solar	energy	with	little	to	no	upfront
costs	under	a	lease	or	PPA.	Our	solar	loan	offers	third-party	financing	directly	to	a	qualified	customer	to	enable	the	customer	to	purchase	and	own	a
solar	energy	system.	We	are	not	a	party	to	the	loan	agreement	between	the	customer	and	the	third-party	lender,	and	the	third-party	lender	has	no
recourse	against	us	with	respect	to	the	loan.	Our	solar	lease	offers	customers	a	fixed	monthly	fee,	at	rates	that	typically	translate	into	lower	monthly
utility	bills,	and	an	electricity	production	guarantee.	Our	solar	PPA	charges	customers	a	fee	per	kWh	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	produced	by	our
solar	energy	systems.	We	monetize	the	customer	payments	we	receive	from	our	leases	and	PPAs	through	funds	we	have	formed	with	investors.	We	also
intend	to	introduce	financial	services	offerings	for	our	Solar	Roof	customers	in	the	future.
Energy	Storage
We	currently	offer	a	loan	product	to	residential	customers	who	purchase	Powerwall	2	together	with	a	new	solar	energy	system,	and	lease	and
PPAs	to	commercial	customers	who	purchase	a	Powerpack	2	system	together	with	a	new	solar	energy	system.	We	intend	to	introduce	financial	services
offerings	for	customers	who	purchase	standalone	energy	storage	products	in	the	future.
Manufacturing
Vehicles
We	conduct	vehicle	manufacturing	and	assembly	operations	at	our	facilities	in	Fremont,	California;	Lathrop,	California;	and	Tilburg,
Netherlands.	We	have	also	built	and	continue	to	expand	Gigafactory	1,	a	manufacturing	facility	for	battery	cells,	modules,	packs	and	storage	products
and	vehicle	components,	outside	of	Reno,	Nevada.	We	are	also	constructing	Gigafactory	Shanghai,	a	manufacturing	facility	in	China,	for	the	production
of	Model	3	vehicles	for	the	local	market.
Manufacturing	Facilities	in	Fremont,	CA	and	Lathrop,	CA
We	manufacture	our	vehicles,	and	certain	parts	and	components	that	are	critical	to	our	intellectual	property	and	quality	standards,	at	our
manufacturing	facilities	in	Fremont,	CA,	including	the	Tesla	Factory,	and	our	manufacturing	facility	in	Lathrop,	CA.	Our	Fremont	facilities	contain
several	manufacturing	operations,	including	stamping,	machining,	casting,	plastics,	body	assembly,	paint	operations,	drive	unit	production,	seat
assembly,	final	vehicle	assembly	and	end-of-line	testing.	In	addition,	we	manufacture	lithium-ion	battery	packs,	electric	motors,	gearboxes	and
components	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	at	the	Tesla	Factory.	Some	major	vehicle	component	systems	are	purchased	from	suppliers;	however,	we	have	a
high	level	of	vertical	integration	in	our	manufacturing	processes	at	the	Tesla	Factory.
The	Netherlands
Our	European	headquarters	and	manufacturing	facilities	are	located	in	Amsterdam	and	Tilburg.	Our	operations	in	Tilburg	include	final
assembly,	testing	and	quality	control	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	delivered	within	the	European	Union,	a	parts	distribution	warehouse	for	service
centers	throughout	Europe,	a	center	for	remanufacturing	work	and	a	customer	service	center.
Gigafactory	1	outside	of	Reno,	Nevada
Gigafactory	1	is	a	facility	where	we	work	together	with	our	suppliers	to	integrate	battery	material,	cell,	module	and	battery	pack	production	in
one	location.	We	use	the	battery	packs	manufactured	at	Gigafactory	1	for	our	vehicles,	including	Model	3,	and	energy	storage	products.	We	also
manufacture	Model	3	drive	units	at	Gigafactory	1.
9	
Gigafactory	1	is	being	built	in	phases.	Tesla,	Panasonic	and	other	partners	are	currently	manufacturing	inside	the	finished	sections.	Our	present
plan	is	to	continue	expanding	Gigafactory	1	over	the	next	few	years	so	that	its	capacity	significantly	exceeds	the	approximately	500,000	vehicle	per	year
capacity	that	we	announced	when	we	first	started	developing	it,	and	we	have	additionally	added	capacity	for	manufacturing	our	energy	storage
products.	We	have	also	announced	that	we	will	likely	manufacture	Model	Y,	which	we	intend	to	produce	at	high	volumes	by	the	end	of	2020,	at
Gigafactory	1.
We	believe	that	Gigafactory	1	will	allow	us	to	achieve	a	significant	reduction	in	the	cost	of	our	battery	packs	with	our	volume	production	of
Model	3.	We	have	an	agreement	with	Panasonic	to	partner	with	us	on	Gigafactory	1	with	investments	in	production	equipment	that	it	is	using	to
manufacture	and	supply	us	with	battery	cells.	Through	our	ownership	of	Gigafactory	1	and	our	partnership	with	Panasonic,	we	own	sole	access	to	a
facility	designed	to	be	the	highest-volume	and	lowest-cost	source	of	lithium-ion	batteries	in	the	world.
Gigafactory	Shanghai
We	are	constructing	Gigafactory	Shanghai	in	order	to	significantly	increase	the	affordability	of	Model	3	for	customers	in	China	by	reducing
transportation	and	manufacturing	costs	and	eliminating	certain	tariffs	on	vehicles	imported	from	the	U.S.	We	broke	ground	in	January	2019,	and
subject	to	a	number	of	uncertainties,	including	regulatory	approval,	supply	chain	constraints,	and	the	pace	of	installing	production	equipment	and
bringing	the	factory	online,	we	expect	to	begin	production	of	certain	trims	of	Model	3	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai	by	the	end	of	2019.	We	expect	much	of
the	investment	in	Gigafactory	Shanghai	to	be	provided	through	local	debt	financing,	supported	by	limited	direct	capital	expenditures	by	us.	Moreover,
we	are	targeting	the	capital	expenditures	per	unit	of	production	capacity	at	this	factory	to	be	less	than	that	of	our	Model	3	production	at	the	Tesla
Factory,	from	which	we	have	drawn	learnings	that	should	allow	us	to	simplify	our	manufacturing	layout	and	processes	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai.
Supply	Chain
Our	vehicles	use	thousands	of	purchased	parts	which	we	source	globally	from	hundreds	of	suppliers.	We	have	developed	close	relationships
with	several	key	suppliers	particularly	in	the	procurement	of	cells	and	certain	other	key	system	parts.	While	we	obtain	components	from	multiple
sources	in	some	cases,	similar	to	other	automobile	manufacturers,	many	of	the	components	used	in	our	vehicles	are	purchased	by	us	from	a	single
source.	In	addition,	while	several	sources	of	the	battery	cell	we	have	selected	for	our	battery	packs	are	available,	we	have	currently	fully	qualified	only
one	cell	supplier	for	the	battery	packs	we	use	in	our	production	vehicles.	We	are	working	to	fully	qualify	additional	cells	from	other	manufacturers.
We	use	various	raw	materials	in	our	business	including	aluminum,	steel,	cobalt,	lithium,	nickel	and	copper.	The	prices	for	these	raw	materials
fluctuate	depending	on	market	conditions	and	global	demand	for	these	materials.	We	believe	that	we	have	adequate	supplies	or	sources	of	availability	of
the	raw	materials	necessary	to	meet	our	manufacturing	and	supply	requirements.
Energy	Storage
Our	energy	storage	products	are	manufactured	at	Gigafactory	1.	We	leverage	the	same	supply	chain	process	and	infrastructure	as	we	use	for
our	vehicles.	The	battery	architecture	and	many	of	the	components	used	in	our	energy	storage	products	are	the	same	or	similar	to	those	used	in	our
vehicles’	battery	pack,	enabling	us	to	take	advantage	of	manufacturing	efficiencies	and	supply	chain	economies	of	scale.	The	power	electronics	and
inverters	for	the	Powerwall	and	Powerpack	systems	are	also	manufactured	at	Gigafactory	1,	allowing	us	to	ship	deployment-ready	systems	directly	to
customers.
10	
Solar	Energy	Systems
We	currently	purchase	major	components	such	as	solar	panels	and	inverters	directly	from	multiple	manufacturers.	We	typically	purchase	solar
panels	and	inverters	on	an	as-needed	basis	from	our	suppliers	at	then-prevailing	prices	pursuant	to	purchase	orders	issued	under	our	master
contractual	arrangements.	In	December	2016,	we	entered	into	a	long-term	agreement	with	Panasonic	to	manufacture	photovoltaic	(“PV”)	cells	and
modules	with	negotiated	pricing	provisions	at	our	Gigafactory	2	in	Buffalo,	New	York	with	the	intended	capacity	to	manufacture	at	least	1.0	gigawatt
(“GW”)	of	solar	products	annually.	We	have	recently	started	manufacturing	solar	panels	at	this	facility	in	collaboration	with	Panasonic.
Governmental	Programs,	Incentives	and	Regulations
Vehicles
California	Alternative	Energy	and	Advanced	Transportation	Financing	Authority	Tax	Incentives
We	have	entered	into	multiple	agreements	over	the	past	few	years	with	the	California	Alternative	Energy	and	Advanced	Transportation
Financing	Authority	(“CAEATFA”)	that	provide	multi-year	sales	tax	exclusions	on	purchases	of	manufacturing	equipment	that	will	be	used	for	specific
purposes,	including	the	expansion	and	ongoing	development	of	Model	S,	Model	X,	Model	3	and	future	electric	vehicles	and	the	expansion	of	electric
vehicle	powertrain	production	in	California.
Nevada	Tax	Incentives
In	connection	with	the	construction	of	Gigafactory	1,	we	have	entered	into	agreements	with	the	State	of	Nevada	and	Storey	County	in	Nevada
that	provide	abatements	for	sales,	use,	real	property,	personal	property	and	employer	excise	taxes,	discounts	to	the	base	tariff	energy	rates	and
transferable	tax	credits.	These	incentives	are	available	for	the	applicable	periods	beginning	on	October	17,	2014	and	ending	on	either	June	30,	2024	or
June	30,	2034	(depending	on	the	incentive).	Under	these	agreements,	we	were	eligible	for	a	maximum	of	$195.0	million	of	transferable	tax	credits,
subject	to	capital	investments	by	us	and	our	partners	for	Gigafactory	1	of	at	least	$3.50	billion,	which	we	exceeded	during	2017,	and	specified	hiring
targets	for	Gigafactory	1,	which	we	exceeded	during	2018.	As	a	result,	as	of	December	31,	2018,	we	had	earned	the	maximum	amount	of	credits.
Tesla	Regulatory	Credits
In	connection	with	the	production,	delivery,	placement	into	service	and	ongoing	operation	of	our	zero	emission	vehicles,	charging	infrastructure
and	solar	systems	in	global	markets,	we	have	earned	and	will	continue	to	earn	various	tradable	regulatory	credits.	We	have	sold	these	credits,	and	will
continue	to	sell	future	credits,	to	automotive	companies	and	other	regulated	entities	who	can	use	the	credits	to	comply	with	emission	standards	and
other	regulatory	requirements.	For	example,	under	California’s	Zero	Emission	Vehicle	Regulation	and	those	of	states	that	have	adopted	California’s
standard,	vehicle	manufacturers	are	required	to	earn	or	purchase	credits,	referred	to	as	ZEV	credits,	for	compliance	with	their	annual	regulatory
requirements.	These	laws	provide	that	automakers	may	bank	or	sell	to	other	regulated	parties	their	excess	credits	if	they	earn	more	credits	than	the
minimum	quantity	required	by	those	laws.	Tesla	also	earns	other	types	of	salable	regulatory	credits	in	the	United	States	and	abroad,	including
greenhouse	gas,	fuel	economy	and	clean	fuels	credits.	Likewise,	several	U.S.	states	have	adopted	procurement	requirements	for	renewable	energy
production.	These	requirements	enable	companies	deploying	solar	energy	to	earn	tradable	credits	known	as	Solar	Renewable	Energy	Certificates
(“SRECs”).
Regulation—Vehicle	Safety	and	Testing
Our	vehicles	are	subject	to,	and	comply	with	or	are	otherwise	exempt	from,	numerous	regulatory	requirements	established	by	the	National
Highway	Traffic	Safety	Administration	(“NHTSA”),	including	all	applicable	United	States	Federal	Motor	Vehicle	Safety	Standards	(“FMVSS”).	Our
vehicles	fully	comply	with	all	applicable	FMVSSs	without	the	need	for	any	exemptions,	and	we	expect	future	Tesla	vehicles	to	either	fully	comply	or
comply	with	limited	exemptions	related	to	new	technologies.	Additionally,	there	are	regulatory	changes	being	considered	for	several	FMVSS,	and	while
we	anticipate	compliance,	there	is	no	assurance	until	final	regulation	changes	are	enacted.
11	
As	a	manufacturer,	we	must	self-certify	that	our	vehicles	meet	all	applicable	FMVSS,	as	well	as	the	NHTSA	bumper	standard,	or	otherwise	are
exempt,	before	the	vehicles	can	be	imported	or	sold	in	the	U.S.	Numerous	FMVSS	apply	to	our	vehicles,	such	as	crash-worthiness	requirements,	crash
avoidance	requirements,	and	electric	vehicle	requirements.	We	are	also	required	to	comply	with	other	federal	laws	administered	by	NHTSA,	including
the	CAFE	standards,	Theft	Prevention	Act	requirements,	consumer	information	labeling	requirements,	Early	Warning	Reporting	requirements	regarding
warranty	claims,	field	reports,	death	and	injury	reports	and	foreign	recalls,	and	owner’s	manual	requirements.
The	Automobile	Information	and	Disclosure	Act	requires	manufacturers	of	motor	vehicles	to	disclose	certain	information	regarding	the
manufacturer’s	suggested	retail	price,	optional	equipment	and	pricing.	In	addition,	this	law	allows	inclusion	of	city	and	highway	fuel	economy	ratings,
as	determined	by	EPA,	as	well	as	crash	test	ratings	as	determined	by	NHTSA	if	such	tests	are	conducted.
Our	vehicles	sold	outside	of	the	U.S.	are	subject	to	similar	foreign	safety,	environmental	and	other	regulations.	Many	of	those	regulations	are
different	from	those	applicable	in	the	U.S.	and	may	require	redesign	and/or	retesting.	The	European	Union	has	established	new	rules	regarding
additional	compliance	oversight	that	are	scheduled	to	commence	in	2020,	and	there	is	also	regulatory	uncertainty	related	to	the	United	Kingdom’s
impending	withdrawal	from	the	European	Union.		These	changes	could	impact	the	rollout	of	new	vehicle	features	in	Europe.
Regulation	–	Self	Driving
There	are	no	federal	U.S.	regulations	pertaining	to	the	safety	of	self-driving	vehicles;	however,	NHTSA	has	established	recommended
guidelines.	Certain	U.S.	states	have	legal	restrictions	on	self-driving	vehicles,	and	many	other	states	are	considering	them.	This	patchwork	increases	the
legal	complexity	for	our	vehicles.	In	Europe,	certain	vehicle	safety	regulations	apply	to	self-driving	braking	and	steering	systems,	and	certain	treaties
also	restrict	the	legality	of	certain	higher	levels	of	self-driving	vehicles.	Self-driving	laws	and	regulations	are	expected	to	continue	to	evolve	in	numerous
jurisdictions	in	the	U.S.	and	foreign	countries,	and	may	create	restrictions	on	self-driving	features	that	we	develop.
Regulation—Battery	Safety	and	Testing
Our	battery	pack	conforms	to	mandatory	regulations	that	govern	transport	of	“dangerous	goods,”	defined	to	include	lithium-ion	batteries,	which
may	present	a	risk	in	transportation.	The	regulations	vary	by	mode	of	shipping	transportation,	such	as	by	ocean	vessel,	rail,	truck,	or	air.	We	have
completed	the	applicable	transportation	tests	for	our	battery	packs,	demonstrating	our	compliance	with	applicable	regulations.
We	use	lithium-ion	cells	in	our	high	voltage	battery	packs.	The	use,	storage,	and	disposal	of	our	battery	packs	is	regulated	under	federal	law.
We	have	agreements	with	third	party	battery	recycling	companies	to	recycle	our	battery	packs.	
Automobile	Manufacturer	and	Dealer	Regulation
State	laws	regulate	the	manufacture,	distribution,	and	sale	of	automobiles,	and	generally	require	motor	vehicle	manufacturers	and	dealers	to	be
licensed	in	order	to	sell	vehicles	directly	to	consumers	in	the	state.	As	we	open	additional	Tesla	stores	and	service	centers,	we	secure	dealer	licenses	(or
their	equivalent)	and	engage	in	sales	activities	to	sell	our	vehicles	directly	to	consumers.	A	few	states,	such	as	Michigan	and	Connecticut,	do	not	permit
automobile	manufacturers	to	be	licensed	as	dealers	or	to	act	in	the	capacity	of	a	dealer,	or	otherwise	restrict	a	manufacturer’s	ability	to	deliver	or
service	vehicles.	To	sell	vehicles	to	residents	of	states	where	we	are	not	licensed	as	a	dealer,	we	generally	conduct	the	sale	out	of	the	state	via	the
Internet,	phone	or	mail.	In	such	states,	we	have	opened	“galleries”	that	serve	an	educational	purpose	and	are	not	sales	locations.
As	we	expand	our	retail	footprint	in	the	U.S.,	some	automobile	dealer	trade	associations	have	both	challenged	the	legality	of	our	operations	in
court	and	used	administrative	and	legislative	processes	to	attempt	to	prohibit	or	limit	our	ability	to	operate	existing	stores	or	expand	to	new	locations.
We	expect	that	the	dealer	associations	will	continue	to	mount	challenges	to	our	business	model.	In	addition,	we	expect	the	dealer	associations	to
actively	lobby	state	licensing	agencies	and	legislators	to	interpret	existing	laws	or	enact	new	laws	in	ways	not	favorable	to	Tesla’s	ownership	and
operation	of	its	own	retail	and	service	locations,	and	we	intend	to	actively	fight	any	such	efforts	to	limit	our	ability	to	sell	our	own	vehicles.
12	
Energy	Storage
The	regulatory	regime	for	energy	storage	projects	is	still	under	development.	Nevertheless,	there	are	various	policies,	incentives	and	financial
mechanisms	at	the	federal,	state	and	local	levels	that	support	the	adoption	of	energy	storage.	For	example,	energy	storage	systems	that	are	charged
using	solar	energy	are	eligible	for	the	30%	tax	credit	under	Section	48(a)(3)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	or	the	IRC,	as	described	below.	In	addition,
California	and	a	number	of	other	states	have	adopted	procurement	targets	for	energy	storage,	and	behind	the	meter	energy	storage	systems	qualify	for
funding	under	the	California	Self	Generation	Incentive	Program.
The	Federal	Energy	Regulatory	Commission	(“FERC”)	has	also	taken	steps	to	enable	the	participation	of	energy	storage	in	wholesale	energy
markets.	In	2011	and	2013,	FERC	removed	many	barriers	for	systems	like	energy	storage	to	provide	frequency	regulation	service,	thus	increasing	the
value	these	systems	can	obtain	in	wholesale	energy	markets.	More	recently,	in	late	2016,	FERC	released	a	Notice	of	Proposed	Rulemaking	that,	if	it
becomes	a	final	rule,	would	further	break	down	barriers	preventing	energy	storage	from	fully	participating	in	wholesale	energy	markets.	Finally,	in
January	2017,	FERC	issued	a	statement	supporting	the	use	of	energy	storage	as	both	electric	transmission	and	as	electric	generation	concurrently,	thus
enabling	energy	storage	systems	to	provide	greater	value	to	the	electric	grid.
Solar	Energy	Systems
Government	and	Utility	Programs	and	Incentives
U.S.	federal,	state	and	local	governments	have	established	various	policies,	incentives	and	financial	mechanisms	to	reduce	the	cost	of	solar
energy	and	to	accelerate	the	adoption	of	solar	energy.	These	incentives	include	tax	credits,	cash	grants,	tax	abatements	and	rebates.
The	federal	government	currently	provides	an	uncapped	investment	tax	credit	(“ITC”)	under	two	sections	of	the	IRC:	Section	48	and	Section
25D.	Section	48(a)(3)	of	the	IRC	allows	a	taxpayer	to	claim	a	credit	of	30%	of	qualified	expenditures	for	a	commercial	solar	energy	system	that
commences	construction	by	December	31,	2019.	The	credit	then	declines	to	26%	in	2020,	22%	in	2021,	and	a	permanent	10%	thereafter.	We	claim	the
Section	48	commercial	credit	when	available	for	both	our	residential	and	commercial	projects,	based	on	ownership	of	the	solar	energy	system.	The
federal	government	also	provides	accelerated	depreciation	for	eligible	commercial	solar	energy	systems.	Section	25D	of	the	IRC	allows	a	homeowner-
taxpayer	to	claim	a	credit	of	30%	of	qualified	expenditures	for	a	residential	solar	energy	system	owned	by	the	homeowner	that	is	placed	in	service	by
December	31,	2019.	The	credit	then	declines	to	26%	in	2020	and	22%	in	2021,	and	is	scheduled	to	expire	thereafter.	Customers	who	purchase	their
solar	energy	systems	for	cash	or	through	our	solar	loan	offering	are	eligible	to	claim	the	Section	25D	investment	tax	credit.
In	addition	to	the	federal	ITC,	many	U.S.	states	offer	personal	and	corporate	tax	credits	and	incentives	for	solar	energy	systems.
Regulation	–	General
We	are	not	a	“regulated	utility”	in	the	U.S.	To	operate	our	systems,	we	obtain	interconnection	agreements	from	the	utilities.	In	most	cases,
interconnection	agreements	are	standard	form	agreements	that	have	been	pre-approved	by	the	public	utility	commission	or	other	regulatory	body.	
Sales	of	electricity	and	non-sale	equipment	leases	by	third	parties,	such	as	our	leases	and	PPAs,	face	regulatory	challenges	in	some	states	and
jurisdictions.
Regulation	–	Net	Metering
Most	states	in	the	U.S.	have	a	regulatory	policy	known	as	net	energy	metering,	or	net	metering,	available	to	solar	customers.	Net	metering
typically	allows	solar	customers	to	interconnect	their	on-site	solar	energy	systems	to	the	utility	grid	and	offset	their	utility	electricity	purchases	by
receiving	a	bill	credit	for	excess	energy	generated	by	their	solar	energy	system	that	is	exported	to	the	grid.	In	certain	jurisdictions,	regulators	or
utilities	have	reduced	or	eliminated	the	benefit	available	under	net	metering,	or	have	proposed	to	do	so.
13	
Regulation	–	Mandated	Renewable	Capacity
Many	states	also	have	adopted	procurement	requirements	for	renewable	energy	production,	such	as	an	enforceable	renewable	portfolio
standard,	or	RPS,	or	other	policies	that	require	covered	entities	to	procure	a	specified	percentage	of	total	electricity	delivered	to	customers	in	the	state
from	eligible	renewable	energy	sources,	such	as	solar	energy	systems.	In	SREC	state	markets,	the	RPS	requires	electricity	suppliers	to	secure	a	portion
of	their	electricity	from	solar	generators.	The	SREC	program	provides	a	means	for	SRECs	to	be	created.	A	SREC	represents	the	renewable	energy
associated	with	1,000	kWhs	of	electricity	produced	from	a	solar	energy	system.	When	a	solar	energy	system	generates	1,000	kWhs	of	electricity,	one
SREC	is	issued	by	a	government	agency,	which	can	then	be	sold	separately	from	the	energy	produced	to	covered	entities	who	surrender	the	SRECs	to
the	state	to	prove	compliance	with	the	state’s	renewable	energy	mandate.
Competition
Vehicles
The	worldwide	automotive	market	is	highly	competitive	and	we	expect	it	will	become	even	more	competitive	in	the	future	as	we	introduce
additional	vehicles	in	a	broader	cross-section	of	the	passenger	and	commercial	vehicle	market.
We	believe	that	our	vehicles	compete	in	the	market	both	based	on	their	traditional	segment	classification	as	well	as	based	on	their	propulsion
technology.	For	example,	Model	S	and	Model	X	compete	primarily	with	premium	sedans	and	premium	SUVs	and	Model	3	competes	with	small	to
medium-sized	sedans,	which	are	extremely	competitive	markets	with	internal	combustion	vehicles	from	more	established	automobile	manufacturers.
Moreover,	many	established	and	new	automobile	manufacturers	have	entered	or	have	announced	plans	to	enter	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle
market.	Overall,	we	believe	these	announcements	and	vehicle	introductions	promote	the	development	of	the	alternative	fuel	vehicle	market	by
highlighting	the	attractiveness	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	particularly	those	fueled	by	electricity,	relative	to	the	internal	combustion	vehicle.	Many
major	automobile	manufacturers	have	electric	vehicles	available	today,	and	other	current	and	prospective	automobile	manufacturers	are	also
developing	electric	vehicles.	Electric	vehicles	have	also	already	been	brought	to	market	in	China	and	other	foreign	countries	and	we	expect	a	number	of
those	manufacturers	to	enter	the	U.S.	market	as	well.	In	addition,	several	manufacturers	offer	hybrid	vehicles,	including	plug-in	versions.	
Energy	Storage
The	market	for	energy	storage	products	is	also	highly	competitive.	Established	companies,	such	as	AES	Energy	Storage,	Siemens,	LG	Chem	and
Samsung,	as	well	as	various	emerging	companies,	have	introduced	products	that	are	similar	to	our	product	portfolio.	There	are	several	companies
providing	individual	components	of	energy	storage	systems	(such	as	cells,	battery	modules,	and	power	electronics)	as	well	as	others	providing
integrated	systems.	We	compete	with	these	companies	based	on	price,	energy	density	and	efficiency.	We	believe	that	the	specifications	of	our	products,
our	strong	brand,	and	the	modular,	scalable	nature	of	our	Powerpack	2	product	give	us	a	competitive	advantage	when	marketing	our	products.
Solar	Energy	Systems
The	primary	competitors	to	our	solar	energy	business	are	the	traditional	local	utility	companies	that	supply	energy	to	our	potential	customers.
We	compete	with	these	traditional	utility	companies	primarily	based	on	price,	predictability	of	price	and	the	ease	by	which	customers	can	switch	to
electricity	generated	by	our	solar	energy	systems.	We	also	compete	with	solar	energy	companies	that	provide	products	and	services	similar	to	ours.
Many	solar	energy	companies	only	install	solar	energy	systems,	while	others	only	provide	financing	for	these	installations.	In	the	residential	solar
energy	system	installation	market,	our	primary	competitors	include	Vivint	Solar	Inc.,	Sunrun	Inc.,	Trinity	Solar,	SunPower	Corporation,	and	many
smaller	local	solar	companies.
14	
Intellectual	Property
As	part	of	our	business,	we	seek	to	protect	our	intellectual	property	rights	such	as	with	respect	to	patents,	trademarks,	copyrights,	trade
secrets,	including	through	employee	and	third	party	nondisclosure	agreements,	and	other	contractual	arrangements.	Additionally,	we	previously
announced	a	patent	policy	in	which	we	irrevocably	pledged	that	we	will	not	initiate	a	lawsuit	against	any	party	for	infringing	our	patents	through
activity	relating	to	electric	vehicles	or	related	equipment	for	so	long	as	such	party	is	acting	in	good	faith.	We	made	this	pledge	in	order	to	encourage	the
advancement	of	a	common,	rapidly-evolving	platform	for	electric	vehicles,	thereby	benefiting	ourselves,	other	companies	making	electric	vehicles,	and
the	world.
Segment	Information
We	operate	as	two	reportable	segments:	automotive	and	energy	generation	and	storage.
The	automotive	segment	includes	the	design,	development,	manufacturing,	sales,	and	leasing	of	electric	vehicles	as	well	as	sales	of	automotive
regulatory	credits.	Additionally,	the	automotive	segment	is	also	comprised	of	services	and	other,	which	includes	non-warranty	after-sales	vehicle
services,	sales	of	used	vehicles,	sales	of	electric	vehicle	components	and	systems	to	other	manufacturers,	retail	merchandise,	and	sales	by	our	acquired
subsidiaries	to	third	party	customers.	The	energy	generation	and	storage	segment	includes	the	design,	manufacture,	installation,	and	sale	or	leasing	of
stationary	energy	storage	products	and	solar	energy	systems,	and	sale	of	electricity	generated	by	our	solar	energy	systems	to	customers.
Employees
As	of	December	31,	2018,	Tesla,	Inc.	had	48,817	full-time	employees.	To	date,	we	have	not	experienced	any	work	stoppages,	and	we	consider
our	relationship	with	our	employees	to	be	good.
Available	Information
We	file	or	furnish	periodic	reports	and	amendments	thereto,	including	our	Annual	Reports	on	Form	10-K,	our	Quarterly	Reports	on	Form	10-Q
and	Current	Reports	on	Form	8-K,	proxy	statements	and	other	information	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	(“SEC”).	In	addition,	the	SEC
maintains	a	website	(
www.sec.gov
)	that	contains	reports,	proxy	and	information	statements,	and	other	information	regarding	issuers	that	file
electronically.	Our	website	is	located	at	
www.tesla.com
,	and	our	reports,	amendments	thereto,	proxy	statements	and	other	information	are	also	made
available,	free	of	charge,	on	our	investor	relations	website	at	
ir.tesla.com
	as	soon	as	reasonably	practicable	after	we	electronically	file	or	furnish	such
information	with	the	SEC.	The	information	posted	on	our	website	is	not	incorporated	by	reference	into	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
	
	
15	
ITEM	1A.
RI
SK	FACTORS
You	should	carefully	consider	the	risks	described	below	together	with	the	other	information	set	forth	in	this	report,	which	could	materially
affect	our	business,	financial	condition	and	future	results.	The	risks	described	below	are	not	the	only	risks	facing	our	company.	Risks	and	uncertainties
not	currently	known	to	us	or	that	we	currently	deem	to	be	immaterial	also	may	materially	adversely	affect	our	business,	financial	condition	and
operating	results.
Risks	Related	to	Our	Business	and	Industry
We	have	experienced	in	the	past,	and	may	experience	in	the	future,	delays	or	other	complications	in	the	design,	manufacture,
launch,	production,	delivery	and	servicing	ramp	of	new	vehicles	and	other	products	such	as	Model	3,	Model	Y,	our	energy	storage
products	and	Solar	Roof,	which	could	harm	our	brand,	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	have	previously	experienced	launch,	manufacturing,	production	and	delivery	ramp	delays	or	other	complications	in	connection	with	new
vehicle	models	such	as	Model	S,	Model	X	and	Model	3,	new	vehicle	features	such	as	the	all-wheel	drive	dual	motor	drivetrain	on	Model	S	and	the
second	version	of	Autopilot	hardware,	and	a	significant	increase	in	automation	introduced	in	the	manufacture	of	Model	3.	For	example,	we	encountered
unanticipated	challenges,	such	as	certain	supply	chain	constraints,	that	led	to	initial	delays	in	producing	Model	X.	Similarly,	we	experienced	certain
challenges	in	the	production	of	Model	3	that	led	to	delays	in	its	ramp.	Moreover,	in	the	areas	of	Model	3	production	where	we	had	challenges	ramping
fully	automated	processes,	such	as	portions	of	the	battery	module	assembly	line,	material	flow	system	and	the	general	assembly	line,	we	reduced	the
levels	of	automation	and	introduced	semi-automated	or	manual	processes.	If	issues	like	these	arise	or	recur,	if	our	remediation	measures	and	process
changes	do	not	continue	to	be	successful,	if	we	experience	issues	with	transitioning	to	full	automation	in	certain	production	lines	or	to	other	planned
manufacturing	improvements,	or	if	we	experience	issues	or	delays	in	building	our	Gigafactory	Shanghai	in	China	or	commencing	and	ramping	Model	3
production	there,	we	could	experience	issues	in	sustaining	the	Model	3	ramp	or	delays	in	increasing	Model	3	production	further.	Also,	if	we	encounter
difficulties	in	scaling	our	delivery	or	servicing	capabilities	for	Model	3	or	future	vehicles	and	products	to	high	volumes	in	the	U.S.	or	internationally,	our
financial	condition	and	operating	results	could	suffer.	In	addition,	because	our	vehicle	models	share	certain	production	facilities	with	other	vehicle
models,	the	volume	or	efficiency	of	production	with	respect	to	one	model	may	impact	the	production	of	other	models	or	lead	to	bottlenecks	that	impact
the	production	of	all	models.
We	may	also	experience	similar	future	delays	or	other	complications	in	bringing	to	market	and	ramping	production	of	new	vehicles,	such	as
Model	Y,	the	Tesla	Semi,	our	planned	pickup	truck	and	new	Tesla	Roadster,	our	energy	storage	products	and	Solar	Roof.	Any	significant	additional
delay	or	other	complication	in	the	production	of	and	delivery	capabilities	for	our	current	products	or	the	development,	manufacture,	launch,	production
and	delivery	and	servicing	capability	ramp	of	our	future	products,	including	complications	associated	with	expanding	our	production	capacity,	supply
chain	and	delivery	systems	or	obtaining	or	maintaining	regulatory	approvals,	could	materially	damage	our	brand,	business,	prospects,	financial
condition	and	operating	results.
We	have	experienced	in	the	past,	and	may	experience	in	the	future,	delays
	in	
realizing	
our	
projected	timelines
	and
	
cost
	and
	
volume
targets	for	
the	production
	and	ramp
	of	Model	3
,
	which	could	harm	our	business
,
	prospects
,	financial	condition	and	operating
results.
Our
	future	business	depends	in	large	part	on	our
	ability	to	
execute	on	our	plans	to	manufacture,	market	and	sell	the	Model	3	vehicle,	which	we
are	offering	at	a	lower	price	point	and	which	we	are	producing	at	significantly	higher	volumes	than	the	Model	S	or	Model	X	vehicles.	We	commenced
production	and	initial	customer	deliveries	of	Model	3	in	July	2017,	and	since	then	have	achieved	a	stabilized	production	rate.	
At	the	Tesla	Factory,	we
expect	to	continue	to	increase	our	Model	3	production	rate	to	approximately	7,000	units	per	week	on	a	sustained	basis	by	the	end	of	2019.	Moreover,	in
China,	we	expect	to	commence	production	of	
certain	trims	of	Model	3
	for	the	local	market	in	China	in	the	initial	phase	of	our	Gigafactory	Shanghai	by
the	end	of	2019,	and	then	progressively	increase	levels	of	localization	through	local	sourcing	and	manufacturing.	Inclusive	of	Gigafactory	Shanghai,	our
goal	is	to	be	able	to	produce	10,000	Model	3	vehicles	per	week	on	a	sustained	basis,	and	an	annualized	output	rate	in	excess	of	500,000	Model	3
vehicles	sometime	between	the	fourth	quarter	of	2019	and	the	second	quarter	of	2020.	However,	the	timeframe	for	commencing	Model	3	production	at
Gigafactory	Shanghai	is	subject	to	a	number	of	uncertainties,	including	regulatory	approval,	supply	chain	constraints,	and	the	pace	of	installing
production	equipment	and	bringing	the	factory	online.
16	
We	have	limited	experience	to	date	in	manufacturing	vehicles	at	the	high	volumes	that	we	recently	achieved	and	to	which	we	anticipate
ramping	further	for	Model	3,	and	to	be	successful,	we	will	need	to
	complete	the	implementation	and	ramp	of	efficient	and	cost-effective
	manufacturing
capabilities,	
processes	
and	supply	chains	necessary	to	support	such	volumes,	including	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai.
	We	are	employing	a	higher	degree	of
automation	in	the	manufacturing	processes	for	Model	3	than	we	have	previously	employed	and	to	continue	to	implement	additional	automation.	In	some
cases,	
we	have	temporarily	reduced	the	levels	of	automation	and	introduced	semi-automated	or	manual	processes
,	at	additional	labor	cost.	Additional
bottlenecks	may	also	arise	as	we	continue	to	ramp	production	at	the	Tesla	Factory	and	commence	the	initial	phase	of	Model	3	production	at	Gigafactory
Shanghai,	and	it	will	be	important	that	we	address	them	promptly	and	in	a	cost-effective	manner
.	
Moreover,	our	Model	3	production	plan	has	generally
required	to	date	significant	investments	of	cash	and	management	resources,	and	we	expect	to	deploy	some	level	of	additional	resources	as	we	further
progress	our	ramp	and	begin	production	in	new	locations	in	the	future,	such	as	China.
Our	production	plan	for	Model	3	is	based	on	many	key	assumptions,	including:
	
•
that	we	will	be	able	to	sustain	and	further	expand	our	high-volume	production	of	Model	3	at	the	Tesla	Factory	without	exceeding	our
projected	costs	and	on	our	projected	timeline;
	
•
that	we	will	be	able	to	continue	to	expand	Gigafactory	1	in	a	timely	manner	to	produce	high	volumes	of	quality	lithium-ion	cells	to	be
integrated	into	battery	modules	and	finished	battery	packs	and	drive	unit	components	for	Model	3,	including	in	part	to	support
production	in	China	as	the	level	of	local	sourcing	and	manufacturing	there	progressively	increases,	all	at	costs	that	allow	us	to	sell
Model	3	at	our	target	gross	margins;
	
•
that	we	will	be	able	to	build	and	commence	production	at	additional	future	facilities,	such	as	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai,	to	support	our
international	ramp	for	Model	3	in	accordance	with	our	projected	costs	and	timeline;
	
•
that	the	equipment	and	processes	which	we	have	selected	for	Model	3	production	will	be	able	to	accurately	manufacture	high	volumes
of	Model	3	vehicles	within	specified	design	tolerances	and	with	high	quality;
	
•
that	we	will	be	able	to	maintain	suppliers	for	the	necessary	components	on	terms	and	conditions	that	are	acceptable	to	us	and	that	we
will	be	able	to	obtain	high-quality	components	on	a	timely	basis	and	in	the	necessary	quantities	to	support	high-volume	production;	and
	
•
that	we	will	be	able	to	attract,	recruit,	hire,	train	and	retain	skilled	employees	to	operate	our	planned	high-volume	production	facilities	to
support	Model	3,	including	at	the	Tesla	Factory,	Gigafactory	1	and	Gigafactory	Shanghai.
If	one	or	more	of	the	foregoing	assumptions	turns	out	to	be	incorrect,	our	ability	to	meet	our	Model	3	projections	on	time	and	at	volumes	and
prices	that	are	profitable,	the	demand	for	and	deliveries	of	Model	3,	as	well	as	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition,	may	be
materially	and	adversely	impacted.
We	may	be	unable	to	meet	our	growing	vehicle	production,	sales	and	delivery	plans	and	servicing	needs,	any	of	which	could	harm
our	business	and	prospects.
Our	plans	call	for	sustaining	and	further	ramping	from	our	significant	increases	in	vehicle	production	and	deliveries,	particularly	for	Model	3.
Our	ability	to	achieve	these	plans	will	depend	upon	a	number	of	factors,	including	our	ability	to	utilize	installed	manufacturing	capacity	to	achieve	the
planned	production	yield,	further	install	and	increase	capacity	in	accordance	with	our	planned	timelines	and	costs,	maintain	our	desired	quality	levels
and	optimize	design	and	production	changes,	as	well	as	our	suppliers’	ability	to	support	our	needs.	In	addition,	we	have	used	and	may	use	in	the	future
a	number	of	new	manufacturing	technologies,	techniques	and	processes	for	our	vehicles,	which	we	must	successfully	introduce	and	scale	for	high-
volume	production.	For	example,	we	have	introduced	highly	automated	production	lines,	aluminum	spot	welding	systems	and	high-speed	blow	forming
of	certain	difficult	to	stamp	vehicle	parts.	We	have	also	introduced	unique	design	features	in	our	vehicles	with	different	manufacturing	challenges,	such
as	large	display	screens,	dual	motor	drivetrain,	Autopilot	hardware	and	falcon-wing	doors.	We	have	limited	experience	developing,	manufacturing,
selling	and	servicing,	and	allocating	our	available	resources	among,	multiple	products	simultaneously.	If	we	are	unable	to	realize	our	plans,	our	brand,
business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results	could	be	materially	damaged.
17	
Concurrent	with	our	increasing	vehicle	production	levels,	we	will	also	need	to	continue	to	significantly	increase	sales	and	deliveries	of	our
vehicles.	Although	we	have	a	plan	for	selling	and	delivering	increased	volumes	of	vehicles,	we	have	limited	experience	in	marketing,	selling	and
delivering	vehicles	at	the	higher	volumes	at	which	we	are	manufacturing	Model	3,	and	we	may	face	difficulties	meeting	our	sales	and	delivery	goals	in
both	existing	markets	as	well	as	new	markets	into	which	we	expand,	such	as	Europe	and	China	where	we	are	beginning	to	deliver	Model	3	for	the	first
time	in	the	first	quarter	of	2019.	In	particular,	we	are	targeting	for	the	first	time	with	Model	3	a	mass	demographic	with	a	broad	range	of	potential
customers,	in	which	we	have	limited	experience	projecting	demand	and	pricing	our	products.	While	we	are	producing	numerous	variants	(including
regional	versions)	of	Model	3	in	accordance	with	the	demand	that	we	expect	for	them,	if	our	projections	are	inaccurate,	we	may	not	be	able	to	generate
sales	matched	to	the	specific	vehicles	that	we	have	the	capacity	to	produce,	based	on	vehicle	production	line	constraints	and	long	lead	times	for
procuring	certain	parts.
Moreover,	because	we	do	not	have	independent	dealer	networks,	we	are	responsible	for	delivering	all	of	our	vehicles	to	our	customers	and
meeting	their	vehicle	servicing	needs.	To	date,	we	have	limited	experience	with	such	deliveries	and	servicing	at	the	scale	to	which	we	expect	to	grow,
particularly	in	international	markets.	To	accommodate	our	volumes,	we	have	deployed	a	number	of	delivery	models,	such	as	deliveries	to	customers’
homes	and	workplaces,	some	of	which	have	not	been	previously	tested	at	scale	and	in	different	geographies.	Moreover,	significant	transit	time	may	be
required	to	transport	vehicles	such	as	Model	3	in	volume	into	new	markets	for	the	first	time.	To	the	extent	that	such	factors	lead	to	delays	in	our
deliveries,	our	results	may	be	negatively	impacted.	Finally,	because	of	our	unique	expertise	with	our	vehicles,	we	recommend	that	our	vehicles	be
serviced	by	our	service	centers,	Mobile	Service	technicians	or	certain	authorized	professionals	that	we	have	specifically	trained	and	equipped.	If	we
experience	delays	in	adding	such	servicing	capacity	or	experience	unforeseen	issues	with	the	reliability	of	Model	3,	which	we	recently	commenced
producing	at	volume,	it	could	overburden	our	servicing	capabilities.	If	we	are	unable	to	ramp	up	to	meet	our	sales,	delivery	and	servicing	targets
globally,	or	our	projections	on	which	such	targets	are	based	are	inaccurate,	this	could	result	in	negative	publicity	and	damage	to	our	brand	and	have	a
material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Our	future	growth	and	success	is	dependent	upon	consumers’	willingness	to	adopt	electric	vehicles	and	specifically	our	vehicles,
especially	in	the	mass	market	demographic	which	we	are	targeting	with	Model	3.
Our	growth	is	highly	dependent	upon	the	adoption	by	consumers	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles	in	general	and	electric	vehicles	in	particular.
Although	we	have	successfully	grown	demand	for	our	vehicles	thus	far,	there	is	no	guarantee	of	such	future	demand,	or	that	our	vehicles	will	not
compete	with	one	another	in	the	market.	Moreover,	the	Model	3	mass	market	demographic	is	larger,	but	more	competitive,	than	the	demographic	for
Model	S	and	Model	X,	and	additional	electric	vehicles	are	entering	the	market.
If	the	market	for	electric	vehicles	in	general	and	Tesla	vehicles	in	particular	does	not	develop	as	we	expect,	or	develops	more	slowly	than	we
expect,	or	if	demand	for	our	vehicles	decreases	in	our	markets,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results	could	be	harmed.	We
have	only	recently	begun	high	volume	production	of	vehicles,	are	still	at	an	earlier	stage	and	have	limited	resources	relative	to	our	competitors,	and	the
market	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles	is	rapidly	evolving.	As	a	result,	the	market	for	our	vehicles	could	be	affected	by	numerous	factors,	such	as:
	
•
p
erceptions	about	electric	vehicle	features,	quality,	safety,	performance	and	cost;
	
•
perceptions	about	the	limited	range	over	which	electric	vehicles	may	be	driven	on	a	single	battery	charge;
	
•
competition,	including	from	other	types	of	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	plug-in	hybrid	electric	vehicles	and	high	fuel-economy	internal
combustion	engine	vehicles;
	
•
volatility	in	the	cost	of	oil	and	gasoline;
	
•
government	regulations	and	economic	incentives;
	
•
access	to	charging	facilities;	and
	
•
concerns	about	our	future	viability.
18	
We	are	dependent	on	our	suppliers,	the	majority	of	which	are	single-source	suppliers,	and	the	inability	of	these	suppliers	to
deliver	necessary	components	of	our	products	according	to	our	schedule	and	at	prices,	quality	levels	and	volumes	acceptable	to
us,	or	our	inability	to	efficiently	manage	these	components,	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	financial	condition	and
operating	results.
Our	products	contain	numerous	purchased	parts	which	we	source	globally	from	hundreds	of	direct	suppliers,	the	majority	of	whom	are	currently
single-source	suppliers,	although	we	attempt	to	qualify	and	obtain	components	from	multiple	sources	whenever	feasible.	Any	significant	increases	in	our
production	may	require	us	to	procure	additional	components	in	a	short	amount	of	time,	and	in	the	past
	we	have	also	replaced
	certain	suppliers
	because
of	their	failure	to	provide	components	that	met	our	quality	control	standards.
	While	we	believe	that	we	will	be	able	to	secure	additional	or	alternate
sources	of	supply	for	most	of	our	components	in	a	relatively	short	time	frame,	there	is	no	assurance	that	we	will	be	able	to	do	so	or	develop	our	own
replacements	for	certain	highly	customized	components	of	our	products.	Moreover,	we	have	signed	long-term	agreements	with	Panasonic	to	be	our
manufacturing	partner	and	supplier	for	lithium-ion	cells	at	Gigafactory	1	in	Nevada	and	PV	cells	and	panels	at	Gigafactory	2	in	Buffalo,	New	York.	If	we
encounter	unexpected	difficulties	with	key	suppliers	such	as	Panasonic,	and	if	we	are	unable	to	fill	these	needs	from	other	suppliers,	we	could
experience	production	delays	and	potential	loss	of	access	to	important	technology	and	parts	for	producing,	servicing	and	supporting	our	products.
This	limited,	and	in	many	cases	single	source,	supply	chain	exposes	us	to	multiple	potential	sources	of	delivery	failure	or	component	shortages
for	the	production	of	our	products,	such	as	those	which	we	experienced	in	2012	and	2016	in	connection	with	our	slower-than-planned	Model	S	and
Model	X	ramps.	Furthermore,	unexpected	changes	in	business	conditions,	materials	pricing,	labor	issues,	wars,	governmental	changes,	natural
disasters	such	as	the	March	2011	earthquakes	in	Japan	and	other	factors	beyond	our	and	our	suppliers’	control,	could	also	affect	our	suppliers’	ability
to	deliver	components	to	us	on	a	timely	basis.	
The	loss	of	any	single	or	limited	source	supplier	or	the	disruption	in	the	supply	of	components	from	these
suppliers	could	lead	to	product	design	changes	and	delays	in	product	deliveries	to	our	customers,	which	could	hurt	our	relationships	with	our	customers
and	result	in	negative	publicity,	damage	to	our	brand	and	a	material	and	adverse	effect
	on	
our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating
results.
Changes	in	our	supply	chain	have	also	resulted	in	the	past,	and	may	result	in	the	future,	in	increased	cost.	We	have	also	experienced	cost
increases	from	certain	of	our	suppliers	in	order	to	meet	our	quality	targets	and	development	timelines	as	well	as	due	to	our	design	changes,	and	we	may
experience	similar	cost	increases	in	the	future.	Certain	suppliers	have	sought	to	renegotiate	the	terms	of	supply	arrangements.	Additionally,	we	are
negotiating	with	existing	suppliers	for	cost	reductions,	seeking	new	and	less	expensive	suppliers	for	certain	parts,	and	attempting	to	redesign	certain
parts	to	make	them	less	expensive	to	produce.	If	we	are	unsuccessful	in	our	efforts	to	control	and	reduce	supplier	costs,	our	operating	results	will
suffer.	
In	particular,	because	we	are	producing	Model	3	at	significantly	higher	volumes	than	any	of	our	other	products	to	date,	the	negative	impact	of
any	delays	or	other	constraints	with	respect	to	our	suppliers	for	Model	3	could	be	substantially	greater	than	any	supply	chain-related	issues	experienced
with	respect	to	our	other	products.	We	need	our	Model	3	suppliers	to	sustainably	ramp	in	accordance	with	our	ongoing	ramp	of	Model	3	and	deliver
according	to	our	schedule.	There	is	no	assurance	that	these	suppliers	will	ultimately	be	able	to	sustainably	and	timely	meet	our	cost,	quality	and	volume
needs.	
For	example,	we	may	experience	issues	or	delays	increasing	the	level	of	localization	in	China	through	local	sourcing	and	manufacturing	at	our
Gigafactory	Shanghai.	Furthermore,	as	the	scale	of	our	vehicle	production	increases,	we	will	need	to	accurately	forecast,	purchase,	warehouse	and
transport	to	our	manufacturing	facilities	components	at	much	higher	volumes.	If	we	are	unable	to	accurately	match	the	timing	and	quantities	of
component	purchases	to	our	actual	needs,	or	successfully	implement	automation,	inventory	management	and	other	systems	to	accommodate	the
increased	complexity	in	our	supply	chain,	we	may	incur	unexpected	production	disruption,	storage,	transportation	and	write-off	costs,	which	could	have
a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
19	
Future	problems	or	delays	in	expanding	Gigafactory	1	or	ramping	operations	there	could	negatively	affect	the	production	and
profitability	of	our	products,	such	as	Model	3	and	our	energy	storage	products.
To	lower	the	cost	of	cell	production	and	produce	cells	in	high	volume,	we	have	vertically	integrated	the	production	of	lithium-ion	cells	and
finished	battery	packs	for	Model	3	and	energy	storage	products	at	Gigafactory	1.	While	Gigafactory	1	began	producing	lithium-ion	cells	for	energy
storage	products	in	January	2017	and	has	since	begun	producing	lithium-ion	cells	for	Model	3,	we	have	no	other	direct	experience	in	the	production	of
lithium-ion	cells.	Given	the	size	and	complexity	of	this	undertaking,	it	is	possible	that	future	events	could	result	in	issues	or	delays	in	further	ramping
and	expanding	production	at	Gigafactory	1.	Moreover,	we	expect	that	we	will	need	additional	production	at	Gigafactory	1	
to	support	vehicle	production
at	Gigafactory	Shanghai	in	part	when	we	commence	Model	3	production	there.
	In	order	to	achieve	our	volume	and	gross	margin	targets	for	Model	3	and
the	anticipated	ramp	in	production	of	energy	storage	products,	we	must	continue	to	sustain	and	ramp	significant	cell	production	at	Gigafactory	1,
which,	among	other	things,	requires	Panasonic	to	successfully	operate	and	further	ramp	its	cell	production	lines	at	significant	volumes.	Although
Panasonic	has	a	long	track	record	of	producing	high-quality	cells	at	significant	volume	at	its	factories	in	Japan,	it	has	limited	experience	with	cell
production	at	Gigafactory	1.	In	addition,	we	produce	several	components	for	Model	3,	such	as	battery	modules	incorporating	the	lithium-ion	cells
produced	by	Panasonic,	and	drive	units,	at	Gigafactory	1.	Some	of	the	manufacturing	lines	for	such	components	took	longer	than	anticipated	to	ramp	to
their	full	capacity.	While	we	have	largely	overcome	this	bottleneck	after	deploying	multiple	semi-automated	lines	and	improving	our	original	lines,
additional	bottlenecks	may	arise	as	we	continue	to	increase	the	production	rate.	Finally,	we	have	announced	that	we	will	likely	manufacture	Model	Y	at
Gigafactory	1.	If	we	are	unable	to	maintain	Gigafactory	1	production,	ramp	additionally	over	time	as	needed,	and	do	so	cost-effectively,	or	if	we	or
Panasonic	are	unable	to	attract,	hire	and	retain	a	substantial	number	of	highly	skilled	personnel,	our	ability	to	supply	battery	packs	or	other
components	for	Model	3	and	our	other	products	could	be	negatively	impacted,	which	could	negatively	affect	our	brand	and	harm	our	business,
prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
If	our	vehicles	or	other	products	that	we	sell	or	install	fail	to	perform	as	expected,	our	ability	to	develop,	market	and	sell	our
products	and	services	could	be	harmed.
If	our	vehicles	or	our	energy	products	contain	defects	in	design	and	manufacture	that	cause	them	not	to	perform	as	expected	or	that	require
repair,	or	certain	features	of	our	vehicles,	such	as	full	self-driving,	take	longer	than	expected	to	become	enabled	or	are	legally	restricted,	our	ability	to
develop,	market	and	sell	our	products	and	services	could	be	harmed.	For	example,	the	operation	of	our	vehicles	is	highly	dependent	on	software,	which
is	inherently	complex	and	may	contain	latent	defects	and	errors	or	be	subject	to	external	attacks.	Issues	experienced	by	vehicle	customers	have
included	those	related	to	the	software	for	the	17	inch	display	screen,	the	panoramic	roof	and	the	12-volt	battery	in	the	Model	S	and	the	seats	and	doors
in	the	Model	X.	Although	we	attempt	to	remedy	any	issues	we	observe	in	our	products	as	effectively	and	rapidly	as	possible,	such	efforts	may	not	be
timely,	may	hamper	production	or	may	not	be	to	the	satisfaction	of	our	customers.	While	we	have	performed	extensive	internal	testing	on	the	products
we	manufacture,	we	currently	have	a	limited	frame	of	reference	by	which	to	evaluate	detailed	long-term	quality,	reliability,	durability	and	performance
characteristics	of	our	battery	packs,	powertrains,	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products.	There	can	be	no	assurance	that	we	will	be	able	to	detect	and	fix
any	defects	in	our	products	prior	to	their	sale	to	or	installation	for	consumers.
Any	product	defects,	delays	or	legal	restrictions	on	product	features,	or	other	failure	of	our	products	to	perform	as	expected,	could	harm	our
reputation	and	result	in	delivery	delays,	product	recalls,	product	liability	claims,	and	significant	warranty	and	other	expenses,	and	could	have	a	material
adverse	impact	on	our	business,	financial	condition,	operating	results	and	prospects.
20	
If	we	fail	to	scale	our	business	operations	and	otherwise	manage	future	growth	and	adapt	to	new	conditions	effectively	as	we
rapidly	grow	our	company,	including	internationally,	we	may	not	be	able	to	produce,	market,	sell	and	service	our	products
successfully.
Any	failure	to	manage	our	growth	effectively	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial
condition.	We	expect	to	continue	to	expand	our	operations	significantly,	including	internationally	and	with	our	increasing	production	of	Model	3,	and
the	worldwide	sales,	delivery	and	servicing	of	a	significantly	higher	number	of	vehicles	than	our	current	vehicle	fleet	in	the	coming	years.	Furthermore,
we	are	developing	and	growing	our	energy	storage	product	and	solar	business	worldwide,	including	in	countries	where	we	have	limited	or	no	previous
operating	experience.	Our	future	operating	results	depend	to	a	large	extent	on	our	ability	to	manage	our	expansion	and	growth	successfully.	We	may
not	be	successful	in	undertaking	this	global	expansion	if	we	are	unable	to	control
	expenses
	and	avoid	cost	overruns	and	other	unexpected	operating
costs,	establish
	sufficient	
worldwide	automobile	
sales,	delivery,	service	and	Supercharger	facilities	in	a	timely	manner,	
adapt
	our	products	and	conduct
our	operations	to	meet	local	requirements,	
implement
	required	local	infrastructure,	systems	and	processes,	and
	find	and	hire	a	significant	number	of
additional	manufacturing,	engineering,	service,	electrical	installation,	construction	and	administrative	personnel.
In	particular,	we	plan	to	expand	our	manufacturing	capabilities	outside	of	the	U.S.,	where	we	have	limited	experience	operating	a	factory	or
managing	related	regulatory,	financing	and	other	challenges.	For	example,	as	part	of	our	continuing	work	to	increase	Model	3	production	to	10,000
vehicles	per	week	on	a	sustained	basis	and	make	Model	3	affordable	in	the	markets	where	we	plan	to	offer	it,	we	expect	to	
commence	the	initial	phase
of	Model	3	production	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai
	for	the	local	market	in	China	by	the	end	of	2019,	although	the	timeframe	for	that	is	subject	to	a	number
of	uncertainties,	including	regulatory	approval,	supply	chain	constraints,	and	the	pace	of	installing	production	equipment	and	bringing	the	factory
online.	As	we	expect	to	commence	our	manufacturing	activities	in	China	using	progressively	increased	levels	of	localization	through	local	sourcing	and
manufacturing,	we	expect	that	we	will	need	to	initially	support	manufacturing	activities	there	with	production	processes	at	our	existing	manufacturing
facilities,	such	as	Gigafactory	1.	Moreover,	local	manufacturing	is	critical	to	our	expansion	and	sales	in	China,	which	is	the	largest	market	for	electric
vehicles	in	the	world.	Our	sales	of	Model	S	and	Model	X	in	China	have	been	negatively	impacted	by	certain	tariffs	on	automobiles	manufactured	in	the
U.S.,	such	as	our	vehicles,	and	our	costs	for	producing	our	vehicles	in	the	U.S.	have	also	been	affected	by	import	duties	on	certain	components	sourced
from	China.	If	we	are	not	able	to	establish	manufacturing	activities	in	China	and	other	jurisdictions	to	minimize	the	impact	of	such	unfavorable	tariffs,
duties	or	costs,	or	ramp	our	production	capabilities	at	Gigafactory	1	or	other	facilities	to	support	such	vehicle	manufacturing	activities,	our	ability	to
compete	in	such	jurisdictions,	and	our	operating	results,	business	and	prospects,	will	be	harmed.
If	we	are	unable	to	achieve	our	targeted	manufacturing	costs	for	our	vehicles,	including	Model	3,	our	financial	condition	and
operating	results	will	suffer.
While	we	are	continuing	to	and	expect	in	the	future	to	realize	cost	reductions	by	both	us	and	our	suppliers,	there	is	no	guarantee	we	will	be	able
to	achieve	sufficient	cost	savings	to	reach	our	gross	margin	and	profitability	goals,	including	for	the	least	expensive	variant	of	Model	3	that	we
ultimately	expect	to	produce,	or	our	other	financial	targets.	We	incur	significant	costs	related	to	procuring	the	materials	required	to	manufacture	our
vehicles,	assembling	vehicles	and	compensating	our	personnel.	If	our	efforts	to	continue	to	decrease	manufacturing	costs	are	not	successful,	we	may
incur	substantial	costs	or	cost	overruns	in	utilizing	and	increasing	the	production	capability	of	our	vehicle	manufacturing	facilities,	such	as	for	Model	3
both	in	the	U.S.	and	internationally.	Many	of	the	factors	that	impact	our	manufacturing	costs	are	beyond	our	control,	such	as	potential	increases	in	the
costs	of	our	materials	and	components,	such	as	lithium,	nickel	and	other	components	of	our	battery	cells	or	aluminum	used	to	produce	body	panels.	If
we	are	unable	to	continue	to	control	and	reduce	our	manufacturing	costs,	our	operating	results,	business	and	prospects	will	be	harmed.
21	
Increases	in	costs,	disruption	of	supply	or	shortage	of	materials,	in	particular	for	lithium-ion	cells,	could	harm	our	business.
We	may	experience	increases	in	the	cost	or	a	sustained	interruption	in	the	supply	or	shortage	of	materials.	Any	such	increase,	supply
interruption	or	shortage	could	materially	and	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	We	use	various
materials	in	our	business	including	aluminum,	steel,	lithium,	nickel,	copper	and	cobalt,	as	well	as	lithium-ion	cells	from	suppliers.	The	prices	for	these
materials	fluctuate,	and	their	available	supply	may	be	unstable,	depending	on	market	conditions	and	global	demand	for	these	materials,	including	as	a
result	of	increased	production	of	electric	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products	by	our	competitors,	and	could	adversely	affect	our	business	and
operating	results.	For	instance,	we	are	exposed	to	multiple	risks	relating	to	lithium-ion	cells.	These	risks	include:
	
•
an	increase	in	the	cost,	or	decrease	in	the	available	supply,	of	materials	used	in	the	cells;
	
•
disruption	in	the	supply	of	cells	due	to	quality	issues	or	recalls	by	battery	cell	manufacturers	or	any	issues	that	may	arise	with	respect
to	cells	manufactured	at	our	own	facilities;	and
	
•
fluctuations	in	the	value	of	the	Japanese	yen	against	the	U.S.	dollar	as	our	battery-cell	purchases	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	and	some
raw	materials	for	cells	used	in	Model	3	and	energy	storage	products	are	currently	denominated	in	Japanese	yen.	
Our	business	is	dependent	on	the	continued	supply	of	battery	cells	for	the	battery	packs	used	in	our	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products.
While	we	believe	several	sources	of	the	battery	cells	are	available	for	such	battery	packs,	and	expect	to	eventually	rely	substantially	on	battery	cells
manufactured	at	our	own	facilities,	we	have	to	date	fully	qualified	only	a	very	limited	number	of	suppliers	for	the	cells	used	in	such	battery	packs	and
have	very	limited	flexibility	in	changing	cell	suppliers.	Any	disruption	in	the	supply	of	battery	cells	from	such	suppliers	could	disrupt	production	of	our
vehicles	and	of	the	battery	packs	we	produce	for	energy	products	until	such	time	as	a	different	supplier	is	fully	qualified.	Furthermore,	fluctuations	or
shortages	in	petroleum	and	other	economic	conditions	may	cause	us	to	experience	significant	increases	in	freight	charges	and	material	costs.
Substantial	increases	in	the	prices	for	our	materials	or	prices	charged	to	us,	such	as	those	charged	by	battery	cell	suppliers,	would	increase	our
operating	costs,	and	could	reduce	our	margins	if	we	cannot	recoup	the	increased	costs	through	increased	vehicle	prices.	Any	attempts	to	increase
vehicle	prices	in	response	to	increased	material	costs	could	result	in	cancellations	of	vehicle	orders	and	reservations	and	therefore	materially	and
adversely	affect	our	brand,	image,	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.
We	may	become	subject	to	product	liability	claims,	which	could	harm	our	financial	condition	and	liquidity	if	we	are	not	able	to
successfully	defend	or	insure	against	such	claims.
Although	we	design	our	vehicles	to	be	the	safest	vehicles	on	the	road,	product	liability	claims,	even	those	without	merit,	could	harm	our
business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.	The	automobile	industry	in	particular	experiences	significant	product	liability	claims	and
we	face	inherent	risk	of	exposure	to	claims	in	the	event	our	vehicles	do	not	perform	or	are	claimed	to	not	have	performed	as	expected.	As	is	true	for
other	automakers,	our	cars	have	been	involved	and	we	expect	in	the	future	will	be	involved	in	crashes	resulting	in	death	or	personal	injury,	and	such
crashes	where	Autopilot	is	engaged	are	the	subject	of	significant	public	attention.	We	have	experienced	and	we	expect	to	continue	to	face	claims	arising
from	or	related	to	misuse	or	claimed	failures	of	new	technologies	that	we	are	pioneering,	including	Autopilot	in	our	vehicles.	Moreover,	as	our	solar
energy	systems	and	energy	storage	products	generate	and	store	electricity,	they	have	the	potential	to	cause	injury	to	people	or	property.	A	successful
product	liability	claim	against	us	could	require	us	to	pay	a	substantial	monetary	award.	Our	risks	in	this	area	are	particularly	pronounced	given	the
relatively	limited	number	of	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products	delivered	to	date	and	limited	field	experience	of	our	products.	Moreover,	a	product
liability	claim	could	generate	substantial	negative	publicity	about	our	products	and	business	and	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	brand,
business,	prospects	and	operating	results.	In	most	jurisdictions,	we	generally	self-insure	against	the	risk	of	product	liability	claims	for	vehicle	exposure,
meaning	that	any	product	liability	claims	will	likely	have	to	be	paid	from	company	funds,	not	by	insurance.
22	
The	markets	in	which	we	operate	are	highly	competitive,	and	we	may	not	be	successful	in	competing	in	these	industries.	We
currently	face	competition	from	new	and	established	domestic	and	international	competitors	and	expect	to	face	competition	from
others	in	the	future,	including	competition	from	companies	with	new	technology.
The	worldwide	automotive	market,	particularly	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles,	is	highly	competitive	today	and	we	expect	it	will	become	even	more
so	in	the	future.	There	is	no	assurance	that	our	vehicles	will	be	successful	in	the	respective	markets	in	which	they	compete.	A	significant	and	growing
number	of	established	and	new	automobile	manufacturers,	as	well	as	other	companies,	have	entered	or	are	reported	to	have	plans	to	enter	the
alternative	fuel	vehicle	market,	including	hybrid,	plug-in	hybrid	and	fully	electric	vehicles,	as	well	as	the	market	for	self-driving	technology	and
applications.	In	some	cases,	such	competitors	have	announced	an	intention	to	produce	electric	vehicles	exclusively	at	some	point	in	the	future.	Most	of
our	current	and	potential	competitors	have	significantly	greater	financial,	technical,	manufacturing,	marketing,	vehicle	sales	resources	and	networks
than	we	do	and	may	be	able	to	devote	greater	resources	to	the	design,	development,	manufacturing,	distribution,	promotion,	sale	and	support	of	their
products.		In	particular,	some	competitors	have	also	announced	plans	to	compete	with	us	in	important	and	large	markets	for	electric	vehicles,	such	as
China.	Increased	competition	could	result	in	lower	vehicle	unit	sales,	price	reductions,	revenue	shortfalls,	loss	of	customers	and	loss	of	market	share,
which	could	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	In	addition,	our	Model	3	vehicle	faces	competition	from	existing
and	future	automobile	manufacturers	in	the	extremely	competitive	entry-level	premium	sedan	market,	including	Audi,	BMW,	Lexus	and	Mercedes.
The	solar	and	energy	storage	industries	are	highly	competitive.	We	face	competition	from	other	manufacturers,	developers	and	installers	of
solar	and	energy	storage	systems,	as	well	as	from	large	utilities.	Decreases	in	the	retail	prices	of	electricity	from	utilities	or	other	renewable	energy
sources	could	make	our	products	less	attractive	to	customers	and	lead	to	an	increased	rate	of	customer	defaults	under	our	existing	long-term	leases	and
PPAs.	Moreover,	solar	panel	and	lithium-ion	battery	prices	have	declined	and	are	continuing	to	decline.	As	we	increase	our	battery	and	solar
manufacturing	capabilities,	including	at	Gigafactory	1	and	Gigafactory	2,	future	price	declines	may	harm	our	ability	to	produce	energy	storage	systems
and	solar	systems	at	competitive	prices.
If	we	are	unable	to	establish	and	maintain	confidence	in	our	long-term	business	prospects	among	consumers,	analysts	and	within
our	industries,	then	our	financial	condition,	operating	results,	business	prospects	and	stock	price	may	suffer	materially.
Consumers	may	be	less	likely	to	purchase	our	products	if	they	are	not	convinced	that	our	business	will	succeed	or	that	our	service	and	support
and	other	operations	will	continue	in	the	long	term.	Similarly,	suppliers	and	other	third	parties	will	be	less	likely	to	invest	time	and	resources	in
developing	business	relationships	with	us	if	they	are	not	convinced	that	our	business	will	succeed.	Accordingly,	in	order	to	build	and	maintain	our
business,	we	must	maintain	confidence	among	customers,	suppliers,	analysts,	ratings	agencies	and	other	parties	in	our	long-term	financial	viability	and
business	prospects.	Maintaining	such	confidence	may	be	particularly	complicated	by	certain	factors,	such	as	our	limited	operating	history,	negative
press,	customer	unfamiliarity	with	our	products,	any	delays	in	scaling	manufacturing,	delivery	and	service	operations	to	meet	demand,	competition	and
uncertainty	regarding	the	future	of	electric	vehicles	or	our	other	products	and	services,	our	quarterly	production	and	sales	performance	compared	with
market	expectations,	and	any	other	negative	publicity	related	to	us.	Many	of	these	factors	are	largely	outside	our	control,	and	any	negative	perceptions
about	our	long-term	business	prospects,	even	if	exaggerated	or	unfounded,	such	as	speculation	regarding	the	sufficiency	or	stability	of	our	management
team,	could	harm	our	business	and	make	it	more	difficult	to	raise	additional	funds	if	needed.
23	
Our	plan	to	generate	ongoing	growth	and	demand,	including	by	expanding	and	optimizing	our	retail,	service	and	vehicle	charging
operations,	will	require	significant	cash	investments	and	management	resources	and	may	not	meet	expectations	with	respect	to
additional	sales,	installations	or	servicing	of	our	products	or	availability	of	public	charging	solutions.
We	plan	to	generate	ongoing	growth	and	demand,	including	by	globally	expanding	and	optimizing	our	retail,	service	and	vehicle	charging
operations.	These	plans	require	significant	cash	investments	and	management	resources	and	may	not	meet	our	expectations	with	respect	to	additional
sales	or	installations	of	our	products.	This	ongoing	global	expansion,	which	includes	planned	entry	into	markets	in	which	we	have	limited	or	no	experience
selling,	delivering,	installing	and/or	servicing	our	products	at	scale,	and	which	may	pose	legal,	regulatory,	labor,	cultural	and	political	challenges	that	we
have	not	previously	encountered,	may	not	have	the	desired	effect	of	increasing	sales	and	installations	and	expanding	our	brand	presence	to	the	degree	we
are	anticipating.	
Furthermore,	the	increasing	number	of	Tesla	vehicles	will	require	us	to	continue	to	increase	the	number	of	our	Supercharger	stations	and
connectors	significantly	in	locations	throughout	the	world.	If	we	fail	to	do	so	in	a	timely	manner,	our	customers	could	become	dissatisfied,	which	could
adversely	affect	sales	of	our	vehicles.	
We	will	also	need	to	ensure	we	are	in	compliance	with	any	regulatory	requirements	applicable	to	the	sale,	installation
and	service	of	our	products,	the	sale	of	electricity	generated	through	our	solar	energy	systems	and	operation	of	Superchargers	in	those	jurisdictions,	which
could	take	considerable	time	and	expense.	If	we	experience	any	delays	or	cannot	meet	customer	expectations	in	expanding	our	customer	infrastructure
network,	or	our	expansion	plans	are	not	successful	in	continuing	to	grow	demand,	this	could	lead	to	a	decrease	or	stagnation	in	sales	or	installations	of	our
products	and	could	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
We	face	risks	associated	with	our	global	operations	and	expansion,	including	unfavorable	regulatory,	political,	economic,	tax	and
labor	conditions,	and	with	establishing	ourselves	in	new	markets,	all	of	which	could	harm	our	business.
We	currently	have	a	global	footprint,	with	domestic	and	international	operations	and	subsidiaries	in	various	countries	and	jurisdictions,	and	we
continue	to	expand	and	optimize	our	retail,	service	and	Supercharger	capabilities	internationally.	Accordingly,	we	are	subject	to	a	variety	of	legal,
political	and	regulatory	requirements	and	social	and	economic	conditions	over	which	we	have	little	control.	For	example,	we	may	be	impacted	by	trade
policies,	political	uncertainty	and	economic	cycles	involving	geographic	regions	where	we	have	significant	operations.	Sales	of	vehicles	in	the
automotive	industry	also	tend	to	be	cyclical	in	many	markets,	which	may	expose	us	to	increased	volatility	as	we	expand	and	adjust	our	operations	and
retail	strategies.
We	are	subject	to	a	number	of	risks	associated	in	particular	with	international	business	activities	that	may	increase	our	costs,	impact	our	ability
to	sell	our	products	and	require	significant	management	attention.	These	risks	include	
conforming	our	products	to	various	international	regulatory	and
safety	requirements	as	well	as	charging	and	other	electric	infrastructures,	organizing	local	operating	entities,	difficulty	in	establishing,	staffing	and
managing	foreign	operations,	challenges	in	attracting	customers,	foreign	government	taxes,	regulations	and	permit	requirements,	our	ability	to	enforce
our	contractual	rights;	trade	restrictions,	customs	regulations,	tariffs	and	price	or	exchange	controls,	and	preferences	of	foreign	nations	for
domestically	manufactured	products.	For	example,	in	China,	which	is	a	key	market	for	us,	certain	products	such	as	automobiles	manufactured	in	the
U.S.	have	become	subject	to	a	recently	increased	tariff	imposed	by	the	government.	While	such	increase	has	been	temporarily	suspended,	the	tariff
could	remain	in	place	for	an	undetermined	length	of	time,	be	further	increased	in	the	future	and/or	lead	consumers	to	postpone	or	choose	another
vehicle	brand	subject	to	lower	tariffs	or	no	tariffs.	Moreover,	recently	increased	import	duties	on	certain	components	used	in	our	products	that	are
sourced	from	China	may	increase	our	costs	and	negatively	impact	our	operating	results.
	
24	
Our	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products	make	use	of	lithium-ion	battery	cells,	which	have	been	observed	to	catch	fire	or	vent
smoke	and	flame,	and	such	events	have	raised	concerns,	and	future	events	may	lead	to	additional	concerns,	about	the	batteries
used	in	automotive	applications.
The	battery	packs	that	we	produce	make	use	of	lithium-ion	cells.	On	rare	occasions,	lithium-ion	cells	can	rapidly	release	the	energy	they	contain
by	venting	smoke	and	flames	in	a	manner	that	can	ignite	nearby	materials	as	well	as	other	lithium-ion	cells.	While	we	have	designed	the	battery	pack	to
passively	contain	any	single	cell’s	release	of	energy	without	spreading	to	neighboring	cells,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	a	field	or	testing	failure	of
our	vehicles	or	other	battery	packs	that	we	produce	will	not	occur,	which	could	subject	us	to	lawsuits,	product	recalls	or	redesign	efforts,	all	of	which
would	be	time	consuming	and	expensive.	Also,	negative	public	perceptions	regarding	the	suitability	of	lithium-ion	cells	for	automotive	applications	or
any	future	incident	involving	lithium-ion	cells	such	as	a	vehicle	or	other	fire,	even	if	such	incident	does	not	involve	our	vehicles	or	energy	storage
products,	could	seriously	harm	our	business.
In	addition,	we	store	a	significant	number	of	lithium-ion	cells	at	our	facilities	and	are	producing	high	volumes	of	cells	and	battery	modules	and
packs	at	Gigafactory	1.	Any	mishandling	of	battery	cells	may	cause	disruption	to	the	operation	of	our	facilities.	While	we	have	implemented	safety
procedures	related	to	the	handling	of	the	cells,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	a	safety	issue	or	fire	related	to	the	cells	would	not	disrupt	our	operations.
Such	damage	or	injury	could	lead	to	adverse	publicity	and	potentially	a	safety	recall.	Moreover,	any	failure	of	a	competitor’s	electric	vehicle	or	energy
storage	product	may	cause	indirect	adverse	publicity	for	us	and	our	products.	Such	adverse	publicity	could	negatively	affect	our	brand	and	harm	our
business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
If	we	fail	to	effectively	grow	and	manage	the	residual,	financing	and	credit	risks	related	to	our	vehicle	financing	programs,	our
business	may	suffer.
We	offer	financing	arrangements	for	our	vehicles	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	primarily	through	various	financial	institutions.	We	also
currently	offer	Model	S	and	Model	X	leasing	directly	through	our	local	subsidiaries	in	the	U.S.	and	Canada.	Under	a	lease	held	directly	by	us,	we
typically	receive	only	a	very	small	portion	of	the	total	vehicle	purchase	price	at	the	time	of	lease,	followed	by	a	stream	of	payments	over	the	term	of	the
lease.	The	profitability	of	any	vehicles	returned	to	us	at	the	end	of	their	leases	depends	on	our	ability	to	accurately	project	our	vehicles’	residual	values
at	the	outset	of	the	leases,	and	such	values	may	fluctuate	prior	to	the	end	of	their	terms	depending	on	various	factors	such	as	supply	and	demand	of	our
used	vehicles,	economic	cycles	and	the	pricing	of	new	vehicles.	The	leasing	program	also	relies	on	our	ability	to	secure	adequate	financing	and/or
business	partners	to	fund	and	grow	this	program,	and	screen	for	and	manage	customer	credit	risk.	We	expect	the	availability	of	leasing	and	other
financing	options	will	be	important	for	our	vehicle	customers.	If	we	are	unable	to	adequately	fund	our	leasing	program	with	internal	funds,	or	partners
or	other	external	financing	sources,	and	compelling	alternative	financing	programs	are	not	available	for	our	customers,	we	may	be	unable	to	grow	our
sales.	Furthermore,	if	our	leasing	business	grows	substantially,	our	business	may	suffer	if	we	cannot	effectively	manage	the	greater	levels	of	residual
and	credit	risks	resulting	from	growth.	Finally,	if	we	do	not	successfully	monitor	and	comply	with	applicable	national,	state	and/or	local	financial
regulations	and	consumer	protection	laws	governing	lease	transactions,	we	may	become	subject	to	enforcement	actions	or	penalties,	either	of	which
may	harm	our	business.
Moreover,	we	have	provided	resale	value	guarantees	to	customers	and	partners	for	certain	financing	programs,	under	which	such
counterparties	may	sell	their	vehicles	back	to	us	at	certain	points	in	time	at	pre-determined	amounts.	However,	actual	resale	values,	as	with	residual
values	for	leased	vehicles,	are	subject	to	similar	fluctuations	over	the	term	of	the	financing	arrangements.	If	the	actual	resale	values	of	any	vehicles
resold	or	returned	to	us	pursuant	to	these	programs	are	materially	lower	than	the	pre-determined	amounts	we	have	offered,	our	operating	results,
profitability	and/or	liquidity	could	be	negatively	impacted.
	
25	
The	unavailability,	reduction	or	elimination	of,	or	unfavorable	determinations	with	respect	to,	government	and	economic
incentives	in	the	U.S.	and	abroad	supporting	the	development	and	adoption	of	electric	vehicles,	energy	storage	products	or	solar
energy	could	have	some	impact	on	demand	for	our	products	and	services.
We	and	our	customers	currently	benefit	from	certain	government	and	economic	incentives	supporting	the	development	and	adoption	of	electric
vehicles.	In	the	U.S.	and	abroad,	such	incentives	include,	among	other	things,	tax	credits	or	rebates	that	encourage	the	purchase	of	electric	vehicles.	In
Norway,	for	example,	the	purchase	of	electric	vehicles	is	not	currently	subject	to	import	taxes,	the	25%	value	added	tax,	or	the	carbon	dioxide	and
weight-based	purchase	taxes	that	apply	to	the	purchase	of	gas-powered	vehicles.	Notably,	the	quantum	of	incentive	programs	promoting	electric
vehicles	is	a	tiny	fraction	of	the	amount	of	subsidies	that	are	provided	to	gas-powered	vehicles	through	the	oil	and	gas	industries.	Nevertheless,	even
the	limited	benefits	from	such	programs	could	be	reduced,	eliminated	or	exhausted.	For	example,	under	current	regulations,	a	$7,500	federal	tax	credit
that	was	available	in	the	U.S.	for	the	purchase	of	our	vehicles	is	being	reduced	in	phases	during,	and	will	sunset	at	the	end	of,	2019.	We	believe	the	first
reduction	in	this	tax	credit	may	have	pulled	forward	some	near-term	demand	in	the	U.S.	into	2018,	and	could	create	similar	pull-forwards	in	2019
before	each	further	step	reduction	in	the	federal	tax	credit.	Moreover,	in	July	2018,	a	previously	available	incentive	for	purchases	of	Model	3	in	Ontario,
Canada	was	cancelled	and	Tesla	buyers	in	Germany	lost	access	to	electric	vehicle	incentives	for	a	short	period	of	time	beginning	late	2017.	In	April
2017	and	January	2016,	respectively,	previously	available	incentives	in	Hong	Kong	and	Denmark	that	favored	the	purchase	of	electric	vehicles	expired,
negatively	impacting	sales.	Effective	March	2016,	California	implemented	regulations	phasing	out	a	$2,500	cash	rebate	on	qualified	electric	vehicles	for
high-income	consumers.	Such	developments	could	have	some	negative	impact	on	demand	for	our	vehicles,	and	we	and	our	customers	may	have	to
adjust	to	them.
In	addition,	certain	governmental	rebates,	tax	credits	and	other	financial	incentives	that	are	currently	available	with	respect	to	our	solar	and
energy	storage	product	businesses	allow	us	to	lower	our	installation	costs	and	cost	of	capital	and	encourage	customers	to	buy	our	products	and
investors	to	invest	in	our	solar	financing	funds.	However,	these	incentives	may	expire	on	a	particular	date	when	the	allocated	funding	is	exhausted,
reduced	or	terminated	as	renewable	energy	adoption	rates	increase,	often	without	warning.	For	example,	the	U.S.	federal	government	currently	offers	a
30%	ITC	for	the	installation	of	solar	power	facilities	and	energy	storage	systems	that	are	charged	from	a	co-sited	solar	power	facility.	The	ITC	is
currently	scheduled	to	decline	in	phases,	ultimately	to	10%	for	commercial	and	utility	systems	and	to	0%	for	customer-owned	residential	systems	by
January	2022.	Likewise,	in	jurisdictions	where	net	energy	metering	is	currently	available,	our	customers	receive	bill	credits	from	utilities	for	energy	that
their	solar	energy	systems	generate	and	export	to	the	grid	in	excess	of	the	electric	load	they	use.	Several	jurisdictions	have	reduced	or	eliminated	the
benefit	available	under	net	energy	metering,	or	have	proposed	to	do	so.	Such	reductions	in	or	termination	of	governmental	incentives	could	adversely
impact	our	results	by	making	our	products	less	competitive	for	potential	customers,	increasing	our	cost	of	capital	and	adversely	impacting	our	ability	to
attract	investment	partners	and	to	form	new	financing	funds	for	our	solar	and	energy	storage	assets.	Additionally,	the	enactment	of	the	Tax	Cuts	and
Jobs	Act	in	the	U.S.	could	potentially	increase	the	cost,	and	decrease	the	availability,	of	renewable	energy	financing,	by	reducing	the	value	of
depreciation	benefits	associated	with,	and	the	overall	investor	tax	capacity	needed	to	monetize,	renewable	energy	projects.	Such	changes	could	lower
the	overall	investment	willingness	and	capacity	for	such	projects	available	in	the	market.
Moreover,	we	and	our	fund	investors	claim	the	ITC	and	certain	state	incentives	in	amounts	based	on	the	fair	market	value	of	our	solar	and
energy	storage	systems.	Although	we	obtain	independent	appraisals	to	support	the	claimed	fair	market	values,	the	relevant	governmental	authorities
have	audited	such	values	and	in	certain	cases	have	determined	that	they	should	be	lower,	and	they	may	do	so	again	in	the	future.	Such	determinations
may	result	in	adverse	tax	consequences	and/or	our	obligation	to	make	indemnification	or	other	payments	to	our	funds	or	fund	investors.
26	
Any	failure	by	us	to	realize	the	expected	benefits	of	our	substantial	investments	and	commitments	with	respect	to	the
manufacture	of	PV	cells	and	modules,	including	if	we	are	unable	to	comply	with	the	terms	of	our	agreement	with	the	Research
Foundation	for	the	State	University	of	New	York	relating	to	our	Gigafactory	2,	could	result	in	negative	consequences	for	our
business.
We	own	certain	PV	cell	and	module	manufacturing	and	technology	assets,	and	a	build-to-suit	lease	arrangement	with	the	Research	Foundation
for	the	State	University	of	New	York	(the	“SUNY	Foundation”).	This	agreement	with	the	SUNY	Foundation	provides	for	the	construction	of	Gigafactory
2	in	Buffalo,	New	York	with	the	intended	capacity	to	produce	at	least	1.0	GW	of	solar	products	annually.	Under	this	agreement,	we	are	obligated	to,
among	other	things,	employ	specified	minimum	numbers	of	personnel	in	the	State	of	New	York	and	spend	or	incur	$5.0	billion	in	
combined	capital,
operational	expenses,	costs	of	goods	sold	and	other	costs	in	the	State	of	New	York	during	the	10-year	period	following	the	completion	of	all	construction
and	related	infrastructure,	the	arrival	of	manufacturing	equipment,	and	the	receipt	of	certain	permits	and	other	specified	items	at	Gigafactory	2.	If	we
fail	in	any	year	
over	the	course	of	the	term	of	the	agreement	to	meet	these	obligations,	we	would	be	obligated	to	pay	a	“program	payment”	of	$41.2
million	to	the	SUNY	Foundation	in	such	year.	Any	inability	on	our	part	to	comply	with	the	requirements	of	this	agreement	may	result	in	the	payment	of
significant	amounts	to	the	SUNY	Foundation,	the	termination	of	our	lease	at	Gigafactory	2,	and/or	the	need	to	secure	an	alternative	supply	of	PV	cells
and	modules	for	our	solar	products.	Moreover,	if	we	are	unable	to	utilize	our	manufacturing	and	technology	assets	in	accordance	with	our	expectations,
we	may	have	to	recognize	accounting	charges	pertaining	to	the	write-off	of	such	assets.	Any	of	the	foregoing	events	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect
on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
If	we	are	unable	to	attract	and/or	retain	key	employees	and	hire	qualified	personnel,	our	ability	to	compete	could	be	harmed.
The	loss	of	the	services	of	any	of	our	key	employees	could	disrupt	our	operations,	delay	the	development	and	introduction	of	our	vehicles	and
services,	and	negatively	impact	our	business,	prospects	and	operating	results.	In	particular,	we	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our
Chief	Executive	Officer,	and	Jeffrey	B.	Straubel,	our	Chief	Technology	Officer.
None	of	our	key	employees	is	bound	by	an	employment	agreement	for	any	specific	term	and	we	may	not	be	able	to	successfully	attract	and
retain	senior	leadership	necessary	to	grow	our	business.	Our	future	success	depends	upon	our	ability	to	attract	and	retain	executive	officers	and	other
key	technology,	sales,	marketing,	engineering,	manufacturing	and	support	personnel,	especially	to	support	our	high-volume	manufacture	of	vehicles	and
expansion	plans,	and	any	failure	or	delay	in	doing	so	could	adversely	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Key	talent	may	leave	Tesla	due	to	various	factors,	such	as	a	very	competitive	labor	market	for	talented	individuals	with	automotive	or
technology	experience,	or	any	negative	publicity	related	to	us.	In	California,	Nevada	and	other	regions	where	we	have	operations,	there	is	increasing
competition	for	individuals	with	skillsets	needed	for	our	business,	including	specialized	knowledge	of	electric	vehicles,	software	engineering,
manufacturing	engineering,	and	other	skills	such	as	electrical	and	building	construction	expertise.	This	competition	affects	both	our	ability	to	retain	key
employees	and	hire	new	ones.	Moreover,	we	have	in	the	past	conducted	reductions	in	force	in	order	to	optimize	our	organizational	structure	and	reduce
costs,	and	certain	senior	personnel	have	also	departed	for	various	reasons.	Our	continued	success	depends	upon	our	continued	ability	to	hire	new
employees	in	a	timely	manner,	especially	to	support	our	expansion	plans,	and	to	retain	current	employees	or	replace	departed	senior	employees	with
qualified	and	experienced	individuals,	which	is	typically	a	time-consuming	process.	Additionally,	we	compete	with	both	mature	and	prosperous
companies	that	have	far	greater	financial	resources	than	we	do	and	start-ups	and	emerging	companies	that	promise	short-term	growth	opportunities.
Difficulties	in	retaining	current	employees	or	recruiting	new	ones	could	have	an	adverse	effect	on	our	performance	and	results.
27	
Finally,	our	compensation	philosophy	for	all	of	our	personnel	reflects	our	startup	origins,	with	an	emphasis	on	equity-based	awards	and	benefits
in	order	to	closely	align	their	incentives	with	the	long-term	interests	of	our	stockholders.	Each	of	our	current	equity	incentive	plan	and	employee	stock
purchase	plan	provides	for	an	“evergreen”	provision	that	permits	our	board	of	directors	to	increase	on	an	annual	basis,	subject	to	specified	limits,	the
number	of	equity-based	awards	that	may	be	granted	to,	and	shares	of	our	common	stock	that	may	be	purchased	by,	our	personnel	thereunder.	These
plans	are	currently	scheduled	to	expire	in	December	2019,	and	we	will	need	to	extend	them	or	establish	new	plans	in	order	to	continue	to	compensate
our	employees	following	their	expiration,	which	will	require	the	approval	of	our	stockholders.	Moreover,	there	is	no	assurance	that	these	plans	as
extended	or	any	future	plans	will	contain	evergreen	provisions,	which	would	mean	that	we	would	have	to	periodically	seek	and	obtain	approval	from	our
stockholders	for	future	increases	to	the	number	of	awards	that	may	be	granted	and	shares	that	may	be	purchased	under	such	plans.	If	we	are	unable	to
obtain	such	stockholder	approvals	and	compensate	our	personnel	in	accordance	with	our	compensation	philosophy,	our	ability	to	retain	and	hire
qualified	personnel	would	be	negatively	impacted.
We	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer.
We	are	highly	dependent	on	the	services	of	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	largest	stockholder.	Although	Mr.	Musk	spends
significant	time	with	Tesla	and	is	highly	active	in	our	management,	he	does	not	devote	his	full	time	and	attention	to	Tesla.	Mr.	Musk	also	currently
serves	as	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Technical	Officer	of	Space	Exploration	Technologies	Corp.,	a	developer	and	manufacturer	of	space	launch
vehicles,	and	is	involved	in	other	emerging	technology	ventures.
We	are	continuously	expanding	and	improving	our	information	technology	systems	and	use	security	measures	designed	to	protect
our	systems	against	breaches	and	cyber-attacks.	If	these	efforts	are	not	successful,	our	business	and	operations	could	be
disrupted	and	our	operating	results	and	reputation	could	be	harmed.
We	are	continuously	expanding	and	improving	our	information	technology	systems,	including	implementing	new	internally	developed	systems,
to	assist	us	in	the	management	of	our	business.	In	particular,	our	volume	production	of	multiple	vehicles	necessitates	continued	development,
maintenance	and	improvement	of	our	information	technology	systems	in	the	U.S.	and	abroad,	which	include	product	data	management,	procurement,
inventory	management,	production	planning	and	execution,	sales,	service	and	logistics,	dealer	management,	financial,	tax	and	regulatory	compliance
systems.	We	also	maintain	information	technology	measures	designed	to	protect	us	against	intellectual	property	theft,	data	breaches	and	other	cyber-
attacks.	The	implementation,	maintenance	and	improvement	of	these	systems	require	significant	management	time,	support	and	cost.	Moreover,	there
are	inherent	risks	associated	with	developing,	improving	and	expanding	our	core	systems	as	well	as	implementing	new	systems,	including	the	disruption
of	our	data	management,	procurement,	manufacturing	execution,	finance,	supply	chain	and	sales	and	service	processes.	These	risks	may	affect	our
ability	to	manage	our	data	and	inventory,	procure	parts	or	supplies	or	manufacture,	sell,	deliver	and	service	vehicles,	or	achieve	and	maintain
compliance	with,	or	realize	available	benefits	under,	tax	laws	and	other	applicable	regulations.
We	cannot	be	sure	that	these	systems	or	their	required	functionality	will	be	effectively	implemented,	maintained	or	expanded	as	planned.	If	we
do	not	successfully	implement,	maintain	or	expand	these	systems	as	planned,	our	operations	may	be	disrupted,	our	ability	to	accurately	and/or	timely
report	our	financial	results	could	be	impaired,	and	deficiencies	may	arise	in	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	which	may	impact	our	ability
to	certify	our	financial	results.	Moreover,	our	proprietary	information	could	be	compromised	or	misappropriated	and	our	reputation	may	be	adversely
affected.	If	these	systems	or	their	functionality	do	not	operate	as	we	expect	them	to,	we	may	be	required	to	expend	significant	resources	to	make
corrections	or	find	alternative	sources	for	performing	these	functions.
28	
Any	unauthorized	control	or	manipulation	of	our	products’	systems	could	result	in	loss	of	confidence	in	us	and	our	products	and
harm	our	business.
Our	products	contain	complex	information	technology	systems.	For	example,	our	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products	are	designed	with	built-
in	data	connectivity	to	accept	and	install	periodic	remote	updates	from	us	to	improve	or	update	their	functionality.	We	have	designed,	implemented	and
tested	security	measures	intended	to	prevent	unauthorized	access	to	our	information	technology	networks,	our	products	and	their	systems.	However,
hackers	have	reportedly	attempted,	and	may	attempt	in	the	future,	to	gain	unauthorized	access	to	modify,	alter	and	use	such	networks,	products	and
systems	to	gain	control	of,	or	to	change,	our	products’	functionality,	user	interface	and	performance	characteristics,	or	to	gain	access	to	data	stored	in
or	generated	by	our	products.	We	encourage	reporting	of	potential	vulnerabilities	in	the	security	of	our	products	via	our	security	vulnerability	reporting
policy,	and	we	aim	to	remedy	any	reported	and	verified	vulnerability.	Accordingly,	we	have	received	reports	of	potential	vulnerabilities	in	the	past	and
have	attempted	to	remedy	them.	However,	there	can	be	no	assurance	that	vulnerabilities	will	not	be	exploited	in	the	future	before	they	can	be
identified,	or	that	our	remediation	efforts	are	or	will	be	successful.
Any	unauthorized	access	to	or	control	of	our	products	or	their	systems	or	any	loss	of	data	could	result	in	legal	claims	or	proceedings.	In
addition,	regardless	of	their	veracity,	reports	of	unauthorized	access	to	our	products,	their	systems	or	data,	as	well	as	other	factors	that	may	result	in
the	perception	that	our	products,	their	systems	or	data	are	capable	of	being	“hacked,”	could	negatively	affect	our	brand	and	harm	our	business,
prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.	
We	have	been	the	subject	of	such	reports	in	the	past.
We	are	subject	to	various	environmental	and	safety	laws	and	regulations	that	could	impose	substantial	costs	upon	us	and
negatively	impact	our	ability	to	operate	our	manufacturing	facilities.
As	a	manufacturing	company,	including	with	respect	to	facilities	such	as	the	Tesla	Factory,	Gigafactory
	
1	and	Gigafactory	2,	we	are	subject	to
complex	environmental,	health	and	safety	laws	and	regulations	at	numerous	jurisdictional	levels	in	the	U.S.	and	abroad,	including	laws	relating	to	the
use,	handling,	storage,	disposal	and	human	exposure	to	hazardous	materials.	The	costs	of	compliance,	including	remediating	contamination	if	any	is
found	on	our	properties	and	any	changes	to	our	operations	mandated	by	new	or	amended	laws,	may	be	significant.	We	may	also	face	unexpected	delays
in	obtaining	permits	and	approvals	required	by	such	laws	in	connection	with	our	manufacturing	facilities,	which	would	hinder	our	operation	of	these
facilities.	Such	costs	and	delays	may	adversely	impact	our	business	prospects	and	operating	results.	Furthermore,	any	violations	of	these	laws	may
result	in	substantial	fines	and	penalties,	remediation	costs,	third	party	damages,	or	a	suspension	or	cessation	of	our	operations.
Our	business	may	be	adversely	affected	by	any	disruptions	caused	by	union	activities.
It	is	common	for	employees	at	companies	with	significant	manufacturing	operations	such	as	us	to	belong	to	a	union,	which	can	result	in	higher
employee	costs	and	increased	risk	of	work	stoppages.	Moreover,	regulations	in	some	jurisdictions	outside	of	the	U.S.	mandate	employee	participation	in
industrial	collective	bargaining	agreements	and	work	councils	with	certain	consultation	rights	with	respect	to	the	relevant	companies’	operations.
Although	we	work	diligently	to	provide	the	best	possible	work	environment	for	our	employees,	they	may	still	decide	to	join	or	seek	recognition	to	form	a
labor	union,	or	we	may	be	required	to	become	a	union	signatory.	The	United	Automobile	Workers	(“UAW”)	has	been	engaged	in	a	campaign	to	organize
manufacturing	operations	at	Tesla.	As	part	of	that	campaign,	the	UAW	has	filed	with	the	National	Labor	Relations	Board	(“NLRB”)	a	series	of	unfair
labor	practice	charges	against	Tesla	on	which	a	hearing	recently	concluded.	We	cannot	predict	the	timing	of	the	NLRB’s	decision,	and	an	unfavorable
outcome	for	Tesla	may	have	a	negative	impact	on	the	perception	of	Tesla’s	treatment	of	our	employees.	Furthermore,	we	are	directly	or	indirectly
dependent	upon	companies	with	unionized	work	forces,	such	as	parts	suppliers	and	trucking	and	freight	companies,	and	work	stoppages	or	strikes
organized	by	such	unions	could	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	financial	condition	or	operating	results.	If	a	work	stoppage	occurs,	it
could	delay	the	manufacture	and	sale	of	our	products	and	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	or	financial
condition.
29	
Our	products	and	services	are	subject	to	substantial	regulations,	which	are	evolving,	and	unfavorable	changes	or	failure	by	us	to
comply	with	these	regulations	could	substantially	harm	our	business	and	operating	results.
Motor	vehicles	are	subject	to	substantial	regulation	under	international,	federal,	state	and	local	laws.	We	incur	significant	costs	in	complying
with	these	regulations	and	may	be	required	to	incur	additional	costs	to	comply	with	any	changes	to	such	regulations,	and	any	failures	to	comply	could
result	in	significant	expenses,	delays	or	fines.	We	are	subject	to	laws	and	regulations	applicable	to	the	supply,	manufacture,	import,	sale	and	service	of
automobiles	internationally.	For	example,	in	countries	outside	of	the	U.S.,	we	are	required	to	meet	standards	relating	to	vehicle	safety,	fuel	economy
and	emissions,	among	other	things,	that	are	often	materially	different	from	requirements	in	the	U.S.,	thus	resulting	in	additional	investment	into	the
vehicles	and	systems	to	ensure	regulatory	compliance	in	those	countries.	This	process	may	include	official	review	and	certification	of	our	vehicles	by
foreign	regulatory	agencies	prior	to	market	entry,	as	well	as	compliance	with	foreign	reporting	and	recall	management	systems	requirements.
Additionally,	our	vehicles	are	equipped	with	a	suite	of	driver-assistance	features	called	Autopilot,	which	help	assist	drivers	with	certain	tedious
and	potentially	dangerous	aspects	of	road	travel,	but	require	drivers	to	remain	engaged.	There	is	a	variety	of	international,	federal	and	state	regulations
that	may	apply	to	self-driving	vehicles,	which	include	many	existing	vehicle	standards	that	were	not	originally	intended	to	apply	to	vehicles	that	may	not
have	a	driver.	Such	regulations	continue	to	rapidly	change,	which	increases	the	likelihood	of	a	patchwork	of	complex	or	conflicting	regulations,	or	may
delay	products	or	restrict	self-driving	features	and	availability,	any	of	which	could	adversely	affect	our	business.
Moreover,	as	a	manufacturer	and	installer	of	solar	generation	and	energy	storage	systems	and	a	supplier	of	electricity	generated	and	stored	by
the	solar	energy	and	energy	storage	systems	we	install	for	customers,	we	are	impacted	by	federal,	state	and	local	regulations	and	policies	concerning
electricity	pricing,	the	interconnection	of	electricity	generation	and	storage	equipment	with	the	electric	grid,	and	the	sale	of	electricity	generated	by
third-party	owned	systems.	For	example,	existing	or	proposed	regulations	and	policies	would	permit	utilities	to	limit	the	amount	of	electricity	generated
by	our	customers	with	their	solar	energy	systems,	charge	fees	and	penalties	to	our	customers	relating	to	the	purchase	of	energy	other	than	from	the
grid,	adjust	electricity	rate	designs	such	that	the	price	of	our	solar	products	may	not	be	competitive	with	that	of	electricity	from	the	grid,	restrict	us	and
our	customers	from	transacting	under	our	PPAs	or	qualifying	for	government	incentives	and	benefits	that	apply	to	solar	power,	and	limit	or	eliminate
net	energy	metering.	If	such	regulations	and	policies	remain	in	effect	or	are	adopted	in	other	jurisdictions,	or	if	other	regulations	and	policies	that
adversely	impact	the	interconnection	or	use	of	our	solar	and	energy	storage	systems	are	introduced,	they	could	deter	potential	customers	from
purchasing	our	solar	and	energy	storage	products,	threaten	the	economics	of	our	existing	contracts	and	cause	us	to	cease	solar	and	energy	storage
system	sales	and	operations	in	the	relevant	jurisdictions,	which	could	harm	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
Failure	to	comply	with	various	privacy	and	consumer	protection	laws	to	which	we	are	subject	could	harm	the	Company.
Our	privacy	policy	is	posted	on	our	website,	and	any	failure	by	us	or	our	vendor	or	other	business	partners	to	comply	with	it	or	with	federal,
state	or	international	privacy,	data	protection	or	security	laws	or	regulations	could	result	in	regulatory	or	litigation-related	actions	against	us,	legal
liability,	fines,	damages	and	other	costs.	Substantial	expenses	and	operational	changes	may	be	required	in	connection	with	maintaining	compliance	with
such	laws,	and	in	particular	certain	emerging	privacy	laws	are	still	subject	to	a	high	degree	of	uncertainty	as	to	their	interpretation	and	application.	For
example,	in	May	2018,	the	General	Data	Protection	Regulation	(the	“GDPR”)	began	to	fully	apply	to	the	processing	of	personal	information	collected
from	individuals	located	in	the	European	Union.	The	GDPR	has	created	new	compliance	obligations	and	has	significantly	increased	fines	for
noncompliance.	Although	we	take	steps	to	protect	the	security	of	our	customers’	personal	information,	we	may	be	required	to	expend	significant
resources	to	comply	with	data	breach	requirements	if	third	parties	improperly	obtain	and	use	the	personal	information	of	our	customers	or	we
otherwise	experience	a	data	loss	with	respect	to	customers’	personal	information.	A	major	breach	of	our	network	security	and	systems	could	have
negative	consequences	for	our	business	and	future	prospects,	including	possible	fines,	penalties	and	damages,	reduced	customer	demand	for	our
vehicles	and	harm	to	our	reputation	and	brand.
30	
We	may	choose	to	or	be	compelled	to	undertake	product	recalls	or	take	other	similar	actions,	which	could	adversely	affect	our
brand	image	and	financial	performance.
Any	product	recall	with	respect	to	our	products	may	result	in	adverse	publicity,	damage	our	brand	and	adversely	affect	our	business,	prospects,
operating	results	and	financial	condition.	For	example,	certain	vehicle	recalls	that	we	initiated	have	resulted	from	various	causes,	including	a
component	that	could	prevent	the	parking	brake	from	releasing	once	engaged,	a	concern	with	the	firmware	in	the	restraints	control	module	in	certain
right-hand-drive	vehicles,	industry-wide	issues	with	airbags	from	a	particular	supplier,	Model	X	seat	components	that	could	cause	unintended	seat
movement	during	a	collision,	and	concerns	of	corrosion	in	Model	S	power	steering	assist	motor	bolts.	Furthermore,	testing	of	our	products	by
government	regulators	or	industry	groups	may	require	us	to	initiate	product	recalls	or	may	result	in	negative	public	perceptions	about	the	safety	of	our
products.	In	the	future,	we	may	at	various	times,	voluntarily	or	involuntarily,	initiate	a	recall	if	any	of	our	products	or	our	electric	vehicle	powertrain
components	that	we	have	provided	to	other	vehicle	OEMs,	including	any	systems	or	parts	sourced	from	our	suppliers,	prove	to	be	defective	or
noncompliant	with	applicable	laws	and	regulations,	such	as	federal	motor	vehicle	safety	standards.	Such	recalls,	whether	voluntary	or	involuntary	or
caused	by	systems	or	components	engineered	or	manufactured	by	us	or	our	suppliers,	could	involve	significant	expense	and	could	adversely	affect	our
brand	image	in	our	target	markets,	as	well	as	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
Our	current	and	future	warranty	reserves	may	be	insufficient	to	cover	future	warranty	claims	which	could	adversely	affect	our
financial	performance.
Subject	to	separate	limited	warranties	for	the	supplemental	restraint	system,	battery	and	drive	unit,	we	provide	four-year	or	50,000-mile	limited
warranties	for	the	purchasers	of	new	Model	3,	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	and	either	a	four-year	or	50,000-mile	limited	warranty	or	a	two-year	or
100,000-mile	maximum	odometer	limited	warranty	for	the	purchasers	of	used	Model	S	or	Model	X	vehicles	certified	and	sold	by	us.	The	limited
warranty	for	the	battery	and	drive	unit	for	new	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	covers	the	drive	unit	for	eight	years,	as	well	as	the	battery	for	a	period	of
eight	years	(or	for	certain	older	vehicles,	125,000	miles	if	reached	sooner	than	eight	years),	although	the	battery’s	charging	capacity	is	not	covered
under	any	of	our	warranties	or	Extended	Service	plans;	the	limited	warranty	for	used	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	does	not	extend	or	otherwise	alter
the	terms	of	the	original	battery	and	drive	unit	limited	warranty	for	such	used	vehicles	specified	in	their	original	New	Vehicle	Limited	Warranty.	For	the
battery	and	drive	unit	on	our	current	new	Model	3	vehicles,	we	offer	an	eight-year	or	100,000-mile	limited	warranty	for	our	standard	or	mid-range
battery	and	an	eight-year	or	120,000-mile	limited	warranty	for	our	long-range	battery,	with	minimum	70%	retention	of	battery	capacity	over	the
warranty	period.	In	addition,	customers	of	new	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	have	the	opportunity	to	purchase	an	Extended	Service	plan	for	the	period
after	the	end	of	the	limited	warranty	for	their	new	vehicles	to	cover	additional	services	for	up	to	an	additional	four	years	or	50,000	miles.
For	energy	storage	products,	we	provide	limited	warranties	against	defects	and	to	guarantee	minimum	energy	retention	levels.	For	example,	we
currently	guarantee	that	each	Powerwall	2	product	will	maintain	at	least	70	or	80%	(depending	on	the	region	of	installation)	of	its	stated	energy
capacity	after	10	years,	and	that	each	Powerpack	2	product	will	retain	specified	minimum	energy	capacities	in	each	of	its	first	15	years	of	use.	For	our
Solar	Roof,	we	currently	offer	a	warranty	on	the	glass	tiles	for	the	lifetime	of	a	customer’s	home	and	a	separate	warranty	for	the	energy	generation
capability	of	the	solar	tiles.	We	also	offer	extended	warranties,	availability	guarantees	and	capacity	guarantees	for	periods	of	up	to	20	years	at	an
additional	cost	at	the	time	of	purchase,	as	well	as	workmanship	warranties	to	customers	who	elect	to	have	us	install	their	systems.
Finally,	customers	who	lease	solar	energy	system	leases	or	buy	energy	from	us	under	PPAs	are	covered	by	warranties	equal	to	the	length	of	the
agreement	term,	which	is	typically	20	years.	Systems	purchased	for	cash	are	covered	by	a	workmanship	warranty	of	up	to	20	years.	In	addition,	we	pass
through	to	our	customers	the	inverter	and	panel	manufacturers’	warranties,	which	generally	range	from	10	to	25	years.	Finally,	we	provide	a
performance	guarantee	with	our	leased	solar	energy	systems	that	compensates	a	customer	on	an	annual	basis	if	their	system	does	not	meet	the
electricity	production	guarantees	set	forth	in	their	lease.		Under	these	performance	guarantees,	we	bear	the	risk	of	production	shortfalls	resulting	from
an	inverter	or	panel	failure.		These	risks	are	exacerbated	in	the	event	the	panel	or	inverter	manufacturers	cease	operations	or	fail	to	honor	their
warranties.
31	
If	our	warranty	reserves	are	inadequate	to	cover	future	warranty	claims	on	our	products,	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and
operating	results	could	be	materially	and	adversely	affected.	Warranty	reserves	include	our	management’s	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair
or	to	replace	items	under	warranty.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	to-date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of
future	claims.	Such	estimates	are	inherently	uncertain	and	changes	to	our	historical	or	projected	experience,	especially	with	respect	to	products	such	as
Model	3	and	Solar	Roof	that	we	have	recently	introduced	and/or	that	we	expect	to	produce	at	significantly	greater	volumes	than	our	past	products,	may
cause	material	changes	to	our	warranty	reserves	in	the	future.
Our	insurance	strategy	may	not	be	adequate	to	protect	us	from	all	business	risks.
We	may	be	subject,	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	to	losses	resulting	from	products	liability,	accidents,	acts	of	God	and	other	claims	against
us,	for	which	we	may	have	no	insurance	coverage.	As	a	general	matter,	we	do	not	maintain	as	much	insurance	coverage	as	many	other	companies	do,
and	in	some	cases,	we	do	not	maintain	any	at	all.	Additionally,	the	policies	that	we	do	have	may	include	significant	deductibles	or	self-insured
retentions,	and	we	cannot	be	certain	that	our	insurance	coverage	will	be	sufficient	to	cover	all	future	losses	or	claims	against	us.	A	loss	that	is
uninsured	or	which	exceeds	policy	limits	may	require	us	to	pay	substantial	amounts,	which	could	adversely	affect	our	financial	condition	and	operating
results.
Our	financial	results	may	vary	significantly	from	period-to-period	due	to	fluctuations	in	our	operating	costs	and	other	factors.
We	expect	our	period-to-period	financial	results	to	vary	based	on	our	operating	costs,	which	we	anticipate	will	fluctuate	as	the	pace	at	which	we
continue	to	design,	develop	and	manufacture	new	products	and	increase	production	capacity	by	expanding	our	current	manufacturing	facilities	and
adding	future	facilities	such	as	Gigafactory	Shanghai	may	not	be	consistent	or	linear	between	periods.	Additionally,	our	revenues	from	period-to-period
may	fluctuate	as	we	introduce	existing	products	to	new	markets	for	the	first	time	and	as	we	develop	and	introduce	new	products.		As	a	result	of	these
factors,	we	believe	that	quarter-to-quarter	comparisons	of	our	financial	results,	especially	in	the	short	term,	are	not	necessarily	meaningful	and	that
these	comparisons	cannot	be	relied	upon	as	indicators	of	future	performance.	Moreover,	our	financial	results	may	not	meet	expectations	of	equity
research	analysts,	ratings	agencies	or	investors,	who	may	be	focused	only	on	quarterly	financial	results.	If	any	of	this	occurs,	the	trading	price	of	our
stock	could	fall	substantially,	either	suddenly	or	over	time.
Servicing	our	indebtedness	requires	a	significant	amount	of	cash,	and	there	is	no	guarantee	that	we	will	have	sufficient	cash	flow
from	our	business	to	pay	our	substantial	indebtedness.
As	of	December	31,	2018,	we	and	our	subsidiaries	had	outstanding	$11.00	billion	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	indebtedness	(see	Note	13,
Long-Term	Debt	Obligations
,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K).	Our	substantial
consolidated	indebtedness	may	increase	our	vulnerability	to	any	generally	adverse	economic	and	industry	conditions.	We	and	our	subsidiaries	may,
subject	to	the	limitations	in	the	terms	of	our	existing	and	future	indebtedness,	incur	additional	debt,	secure	existing	or	future	debt	or	recapitalize	our
debt.
Pursuant	to	their	terms,	holders	of	our	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	2019,	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	2021	and	2.375%
Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	2022	(collectively,	the	“Tesla	Convertible	Notes”)	may	convert	their	respective	Tesla	Convertible	Notes	at	their	option
prior	to	the	scheduled	maturities	of	the	respective	Tesla	Convertible	Notes	under	certain	circumstances.	Upon	conversion	of	the	applicable	Tesla
Convertible	Notes,	we	will	be	obligated	to	deliver	cash	and/or	shares	in	respect	of	the	principal	amounts	thereof	and	the	conversion	value	in	excess	of
such	principal	amounts	on	such	Tesla	Convertible	Notes.	Moreover,	our	subsidiary’s	1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	2019	and	Zero-Coupon
Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	2020	(together,	the	“Subsidiary	Convertible	Notes”)	are	convertible	into	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	conversion	prices
ranging	from	$300.00	to	$759.36	per	share.	Finally,	holders	of	the	Tesla	Convertible	Notes	and	the	Subsidiary	Convertible	Notes	will	have	the	right	to
require	us	to	repurchase	their	notes	upon	the	occurrence	of	a	fundamental	change	at	a	purchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	of	the
notes,	plus	accrued	and	unpaid	interest,	if	any,	to,	but	not	including,	the	fundamental	change	purchase	date.
32	
Our	ability	to	make	scheduled	payments	of	
the	
principal	
and
	interest	
on
	our	indebtedness	
when	due	or	to	make	payments	
upon	conversion	
or
repurchase	demands	with	respect	to	our	convertible	notes,	or	to	refinance	our	indebtedness	as	we	may	need	or	desire
,	depends	on	our	future
performance,	which	is	subject	to	economic,	financial,	competitive	and	other	factors	beyond	our	control.	Our	business	may	not	continue	to	generate	cash
flow	from	operations	in	the	future	sufficient	to	satisfy	
our	
obligations	under
	our	existing	indebtedness,	and
	any	future	indebtedness	we	may	incur,	and
to	make	necessary	capital	expenditures.	If	we	are	unable	to	generate	such	cash	flow,	we	may	be	required	to	adopt	one	or	more	alternatives,	such	as
reducing	or	delaying	investments	or	capital	expenditures,	selling	assets,	refinancing	or	obtaining	additional	equity	capital	on	terms	that	may	be	onerous
or	highly	dilutive.	Our	ability	to	refinance	existing	or	future	indebtedness	will	depend	on	the	capital	markets	and	our	financial	condition	at	such	time.	
In
addition,	our	ability	to	make	payments	may	be	limited	by	law,	by	regulatory	authority	or	by	agreements	governing	our	future	indebtedness.	
We	may	not
be	able	to	engage	in	any	of	these	activities	or	engage	in	these	activities	on	desirable	terms	or	at	all,	which	could	result	in	a	default	on	
our	existing
	or
future	indebtedness	and	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	results	of	operations	and	financial	condition.
Our	debt	agreements	contain	covenant	restrictions	that	may	limit	our	ability	to	operate	our	business.
The	terms	of	certain	of	our	credit	facilities,	including	
our	senior	secured	asset	based	revolving	credit	agreement,
	contain,	and	any	of	our	other
future	debt	agreements	may	contain,	covenant	restrictions	that	limit	our	ability	to	operate	our	business,	including	restrictions	on	our	ability	to,	among
other	things,	
incur	additional	debt	or	issue	guarantees,	create	liens,	repurchase	stock	or	make	other	restricted	payments,	and	make	certain	voluntary
prepayments	of	specified	debt.	In	addition,	under	certain	circumstances	we	are	required	to	comply	with	a	fixed	charge	coverage	ratio.	As	a	result	of
these
	covenants,	our	ability	to	respond	to	changes	in	business	and	economic	conditions	and	engage	in	beneficial	transactions,	including	to	obtain
additional	financing	as	needed,	may	be	restricted.	Furthermore,	our	failure	to	comply	with	our	debt	covenants	could	result	in	a	default	under	our	debt
agreements,	which	could	permit	the	holders	to	accelerate	our	obligation	to	repay	the	debt.	If	any	of	our	debt	is	accelerated,	we	may	not	have	sufficient
funds	available	to	repay	it.
We	may	need
	or	
want
	to	raise	additional	funds	and	
these	funds	may
	not	
be	available	to	us	when	we	need	them.	If	we	cannot	raise
additional	funds	when	we	need	or	want	them
,	our	operations	and	prospects	could	be	negatively	affected
.
The	design,	manufacture,	sale,	installation	and/or	servicing	of	automobiles,	energy	storage	products	and	solar	products	is	a	capital	intensive
business,	and	the	specific	timing	of	cash	inflows	and	outflows	may	fluctuate	substantially	from	period	to	period.	Until	we	are	consistently	generating
positive	free	cash	flows,	we	may	need	or	want	to	raise	additional	funds	through	the	issuance	of	equity,	equity-related	or	debt	securities	or	through
obtaining	credit	from	financial	institutions	to	fund,	together	with
	our	principal	sources	of	liquidity
,
	the	costs	
of
	developing
	and
	manufacturing	our
current	or	future	vehicles
,	energy	storage	products	and/or	solar	products,	to	pay
	any	significant	unplanned	
or	accelerated	
expenses	or	
for	
new
significant	strategic	investments,	or	to	refinance	our	significant	consolidated	indebtedness,	even	if	not	required	to	do	so	by	the	terms	of	such
indebtedness.	We	need	sufficient	capital	to	fund	our	ongoing	operations,	ramp	vehicle	production,	continue	research	and	development	projects,
establish	sales,	delivery	and	service	centers,	build	and	deploy	Superchargers
,	expand	Gigafactory	1,	
ramp	production	at	Gigafactory	2,	build	and
commence	Model	3	production	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai	and	to	make	the	investments	in	tooling	and	manufacturing	capital	required	to	introduce	new
vehicles
,	energy	storage	products	and	solar	products.	We	cannot	be	certain	that	additional	funds	will	be	available	to	us	on	favorable	terms	when
required,	or	at	all.
	If	we	cannot	raise	additional	funds	when	we	need	them,	our	financial	condition,	results	of	operations,	business	and	prospects	could
be	materially	
and	
adversely	affected.
33	
Additionally,	we	use	capital	from	third-party	investors	to	enable	our	customers’	access	to	our	solar	energy	systems	with	little	or	no	upfront	cost.
The	availability	of	this	financing	depends	upon	many	factors,	including	the	confidence	of	the	investors	in	the	solar	energy	industry,	the	quality	and	mix
of	our	customer	contracts,	any	regulatory	changes	impacting	the	economics	of	our	existing	customer	contracts,	changes	in	law	(including	tax	law),	risks
or	government	incentives	associated	with	these	financings,	and	our	ability	to	compete	with	other	renewable	energy	companies	for	the	limited	number	of
potential	investors.	Moreover,	while	interest	rates	remain	at	low	levels,	they	have	risen	in	recent	periods.	If	the	rate	of	return	required	by	investors
rises	as	a	result	of	a	rise	in	interest	rates,	it	will	reduce	the	present	value	of	the	customer	payment	streams	underlying,	and	therefore	the	total	value	of,
our	financing	structures,	increasing	our	cost	of	capital.	If	we	are	unable	to	establish	new	financing	funds	on	favorable	terms	for	third-party	ownership
arrangements,	we	may	be	unable	to	finance	the	installation	of	our	solar	energy	systems	for	our	lease	or	PPA	customers’	systems,	or	our	cost	of	capital
could	increase	and	our	liquidity	may	be	negatively	impacted,	which	would	have	an	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	financial	condition	and	results	of
operations.
We	could	be	subject	to	liability,	penalties	and	other	restrictive	sanctions	and	adverse	consequences	arising	out	of	certain
governmental	investigations	and	proceedings.
We	are	cooperating	with	certain	government	investigations	as	discussed	in	
Note	17,	
Commitments	and	Contingencies
,	to	the	consolidated
financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K
.	Aside	from	the	settlement	with	the	SEC	discussed	below	relating	to	Elon
Musk’s	statement	that	he	was	considering	taking	Tesla	private,	to	our	knowledge	no	government	agency	in	any	ongoing	investigation	has	concluded
that	any	wrongdoing	occurred.	However,	we	cannot	predict	the	outcome	or	impact	of	any	ongoing	matters,	and	there	exists	the	possibility	that	we	could
be	subject	to	liability,	penalties	and	other	restrictive	sanctions	and	adverse	consequences	if	the	SEC,	the	DOJ,	or	any	other	government	agency	were	to
pursue	legal	action	in	the	future.	Moreover,	we	expect	to	incur	costs	in	responding	to	related	requests	for	information	and	subpoenas,	and	if	instituted,
in	defending	against	any	governmental	proceedings.
For	example,	on	October	16,	2018,	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Southern	District	of	New	York	entered	a	final	judgment	approving	the	terms	of
a	settlement	filed	with	the	Court	on	September	29,	2018,	in	connection	with	the	actions	taken	by	the	SEC	relating	to	Mr.	Musk’s	statement	on	August	7,
2018	that	he	was	considering	taking	Tesla	private.	Pursuant	to	the	settlement,	we,	among	other	things,	paid	a	civil	penalty	of	$20	million,	appointed	an
independent	director	as	the	Chair	of	the	Board,	appointed	two	additional	independent	directors	to	the	Board,	and	made	further	enhancements	to	our
disclosure	controls	and	other	corporate	governance-related	matters.	Although	we	intend	to	continue	to	comply	with	the	terms	and	requirements	of	the
settlement,	if	there	is	a	lack	of	compliance,	additional	enforcement	actions	or	other	legal	proceedings	may	be	instituted	against	us.
If	we	update	or	discontinue	the	use	of	our	manufacturing	equipment	more	quickly	than	expected,	we	may	have	to	shorten	the
useful	lives	of	any	equipment	to	be	retired	as	a	result	of	any	such	update,	and	the	resulting	acceleration	in	our	depreciation	could
negatively	affect	our	financial	results.
We	have	invested	and	expect	to	continue	to	invest	significantly	in	what	we	believe	is	state	of	the	art	tooling,	machinery	and	other	manufacturing
equipment	for	our	various	product	lines,	and	we	depreciate	the	cost	of	such	equipment	over	their	expected	useful	lives.	However,	manufacturing
technology	may	evolve	rapidly,	and	we	may	decide	to	update	our	manufacturing	process	with	cutting-edge	equipment	more	quickly	than	expected.
Moreover,	we	are	continually	implementing	learnings	as	our	engineering	and	manufacturing	expertise	and	efficiency	increase,	which	may	result	in	our
ability	to	manufacture	our	products	using	less	of	our	currently	installed	equipment.	Alternatively,	as	we	ramp	production	of	Model	3	to	higher	levels,
our	learnings	may	cause	us	to	discontinue	the	use	of	already	installed	equipment	in	favor	of	different	or	additional	equipment.	The	useful	life	of	any
equipment	that	would	be	retired	early	as	a	result	would	be	shortened,	causing	the	depreciation	on	such	equipment	to	be	accelerated,	and	our	results	of
operations	could	be	negatively	impacted.
34	
We	are	exposed	to	fluctuations	in	currency	exchange	rates,	which	could	negatively	affect	our	financial	results.
Our	revenues	and	costs	denominated	in	foreign	currencies	are	not	completely	matched.	As	we	have	increased	vehicle	deliveries	in	markets
outside	of	the	U.S.,	we	have	much	higher	revenues	than	costs	denominated	in	other	currencies	such	as	the	euro,	Canadian	dollar,	Chinese	yuan	and
Norwegian	krone.	Any	strengthening	of	the	U.S.	dollar	would	tend	to	reduce	our	revenues	as	measured	in	U.S.	dollars,	as	we	have	historically
experienced.	In	addition,	a	portion	of	our	costs	and	expenses	have	been,	and	we	anticipate	will	continue	to	be,	denominated	in	foreign	currencies,
including	the	Japanese	yen.	If	we	do	not	have	fully	offsetting	revenues	in	these	currencies	and	if	the	value	of	the	U.S.	dollar	depreciates	significantly
against	these	currencies,	our	costs	as	measured	in	U.S.	dollars	as	a	percent	of	our	revenues	will	correspondingly	increase	and	our	margins	will	suffer.
Moreover,	while	we	undertake	limited	hedging	activities	intended	to	offset	the	impact	of	currency	translation	exposure,	it	is	impossible	to	predict	or
eliminate	such	impact.	As	a	result,	our	operating	results	could	be	adversely	affected.
We	may	face	regulatory	limitations	on	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	directly	which	could	materially	and	adversely	affect	our	ability	to
sell	our	electric	vehicles.
We	sell	our	vehicles	directly	to	consumers	using	means	that	we	believe	will	maximize	our	reach,	currently	including	through	our	website	and
our	own	stores.	While	we	intend	to	continue	to	leverage	our	most	effective	sales	strategies,	we	may	not	be	able	to	sell	our	vehicles	through	our	own
stores	in	each	state	in	the	U.S.,	as	some	states	have	laws	that	may	be	interpreted	to	impose	limitations	on	this	direct-to-consumer	sales	model.	In
certain	states	in	which	we	are	not	able	to	obtain	dealer	licenses,	we	have	opened	galleries,	which	are	not	full	sales	locations.
The	application	of	these	state	laws	to	our	operations	continues	to	be	difficult	to	predict.	Laws	in	some	states	have	limited	our	ability	to	obtain
dealer	licenses	from	state	motor	vehicle	regulators	and	may	continue	to	do	so.
In	addition,	decisions	by	regulators	permitting	us	to	sell	vehicles	may	be	challenged	by	dealer	associations	and	others	as	to	whether	such
decisions	comply	with	applicable	state	motor	vehicle	industry	laws.	We	have	prevailed	in	many	of	these	lawsuits	and	such	results	have	reinforced	our
continuing	belief	that	state	laws	were	not	designed	to	prevent	our	distribution	model.	In	some	states,	there	have	also	been	regulatory	and	legislative
efforts	by	dealer	associations	to	propose	laws	that,	if	enacted,	would	prevent	us	from	obtaining	dealer	licenses	in	their	states	given	our	current	sales
model.	A	few	states	have	passed	legislation	that	clarifies	our	ability	to	operate,	but	at	the	same	time	limits	the	number	of	dealer	licenses	we	can	obtain
or	stores	that	we	can	operate.	We	have	also	filed	a	lawsuit	in	federal	court	in	Michigan	challenging	the	constitutionality	of	the	state’s	prohibition	on
direct	sales	as	applied	to	our	business.
Internationally,	there	may	be	laws	in	jurisdictions	we	have	not	yet	entered	or	laws	we	are	unaware	of	in	jurisdictions	we	have	entered	that	may
restrict	our	sales	or	other	business	practices.	Even	for	those	jurisdictions	we	have	analyzed,	the	laws	in	this	area	can	be	complex,	difficult	to	interpret
and	may	change	over	time.	Continued	regulatory	limitations	and	other	obstacles	interfering	with	our	ability	to	sell	vehicles	directly	to	consumers	could
have	a	negative	and	material	impact	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
We	may	need	to	defend	ourselves	against	intellectual	property	infringement	claims,	which	may	be	time-consuming	and	could
cause	us	to	incur	substantial	costs.
Others,	including	our	competitors,	may	hold	or	obtain	patents,	copyrights,	trademarks	or	other	proprietary	rights	that	could	prevent,	limit	or
interfere	with	our	ability	to	make,	use,	develop,	sell	or	market	our	products	and	services,	which	could	make	it	more	difficult	for	us	to	operate	our
business.	From	time	to	time,	the	holders	of	such	intellectual	property	rights	may	assert	their	rights	and	urge	us	to	take	licenses,	and/or	may	bring	suits
alleging	infringement	or	misappropriation	of	such	rights.	We	may	consider	the	entering	into	licensing	agreements	with	respect	to	such	rights,	although
no	assurance	can	be	given	that	such	licenses	can	be	obtained	on	acceptable	terms	or	that	litigation	will	not	occur,	and	such	licenses	could	significantly
increase	our	operating	expenses.	In	addition,	if	we	are	determined	to	have	infringed	upon	a	third	party’s	intellectual	property	rights,	we	may	be
required	to	
cease	making,	selling	or	incorporating	certain	components	or	intellectual	property	into	the	goods	and	services	we	offer,	to	pay	substantial
damages	and/or	license	royalties,	to	redesign	our	products	and	services,	and/or	to	establish	and	maintain	alternative	branding	for	our	products	and
services.
	In	the	event	that	we	were	required	to	take	one	or	more	such	actions,	our	business,	prospects,	operating	results	and	financial	condition	could
be	materially	adversely	affected.	In	addition,	any	litigation	or	claims,	whether	or	not	valid,	could	result	in	substantial	costs,	negative	publicity	and
diversion	of	resources	and	management	attention.
35	
Tesla	is	a	highly-visible	public	company	whose	products,	business,	results	of	operations,	statements	and	actions	are	often
scrutinized	by	critics	whose	influence	could	negatively	impact	the	perception	of	our	brand	and	the	market	value	of	our	common
stock.
Tesla	is	a	highly-visible	public	company	whose	products,	business,	results	of	operations,	statements	and	actions	are	well-publicized.	Such
attention	includes	frequent	criticism	of	us	by	a	range	of	third-parties.	Our	continued	success	depends	on	our	ability	to	focus	on	executing	on	our	mission
and	business	plan	while	maintaining	the	trust	of	our	current	and	potential	customers,	employees,	stockholders	and	business	partners.	Any	negative
perceived	actions	of	ours	could	influence	the	perception	of	our	brand	or	our	leadership	by	our	customers,	suppliers	or	investors,	which	could	adversely
impact	our	business	prospects,	operating	results	and	the	market	value	of	our	common	stock.
Our	facilities	or	operations	could	be	damaged	or	adversely	affected	as	a	result	of	disasters.
Our	corporate	headquarters,	the	Tesla	Factory	and	Gigafactory	1	are	located	in	seismically	active	regions	in	Northern	California	and	Nevada.	If
major	disasters	such	as	earthquakes	or	other	events	occur,	or	our	information	system	or	communications	network	breaks	down	or	operates	improperly,
our	headquarters	and	production	facilities	may	be	seriously	damaged,	or	we	may	have	to	stop	or	delay	production	and	shipment	of	our	products.	We
may	incur	expenses	relating	to	such	damages,	which	could	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	operating	results	and	financial	condition.
Risks	Related	to	the	Ownership	of	Our	Common	Stock
The	trading	price	of	our	common	stock	is	likely	to	continue	to	be	volatile.
The	trading	price	of	our	common	stock	has	been	highly	volatile	and	could	continue	to	be	subject	to	wide	fluctuations	in	response	to	various
factors,	some	of	which	are	beyond	our	control.	Our	common	stock	has	experienced	an	intra-day	trading	high	of	$387.46	per	share	and	a	low	of	$244.59
per	share	over	the	last	52	weeks.	The	stock	market	in	general,	and	the	market	for	technology	companies	in	particular,	has	experienced	extreme	price
and	volume	fluctuations	that	have	often	been	unrelated	or	disproportionate	to	the	operating	performance	of	those	companies.	In	particular,	a	large
proportion	of	our	common	stock	has	been	and	may	continue	to	be	traded	by	short	sellers	which	may	put	pressure	on	the	supply	and	demand	for	our
common	stock,	further	influencing	volatility	in	its	market	price.	Public	perception	and	other	factors	outside	of	our	control	may	additionally	impact	the
stock	price	of	companies	like	us	that	garner	a	disproportionate	degree	of	public	attention,	regardless	of	actual	operating	performance.	In	addition,	in
the	past,	following	periods	of	volatility	in	the	overall	market	and	the	market	price	of	a	particular	company’s	securities,	securities	class	action	litigation
has	often	been	instituted	against	these	companies.	Moreover,	stockholder	litigation	like	this	has	been	filed	against	us	in	the	past.	While	we	are
continuing	to	defend	such	actions	vigorously,	any	judgment	against	us	or	any	future	stockholder	litigation	could	result	in	substantial	costs	and	a
diversion	of	our	management’s	attention	and	resources.
We	may	fail	to	meet	our	publicly	announced	guidance	or	other	expectations	about	our	business,	which	could	cause	our	stock	price
to	decline.
We	provide	guidance	regarding	our	expected	financial	and	business	performance,	such	as	projections	regarding	sales	and	production,	as	well	as
anticipated	future	revenues,	gross	margins,	profitability	and	cash	flows.	Correctly	identifying	key	factors	affecting	business	conditions	and	predicting
future	events	is	inherently	an	uncertain	process	and	our	guidance	may	not	ultimately	be	accurate.	Our	guidance	is	based	on	certain	assumptions	such
as	those	relating	to	anticipated	production	and	sales	volumes	(which	generally	are	not	linear	throughout	a	given	period),	average	sales	prices,	supplier
and	commodity	costs,	and	planned	cost	reductions.	If	our	guidance	is	not	accurate	or	varies	from	actual	results	due	to	our	inability	to	meet	our
assumptions	or	the	impact	on	our	financial	performance	that	could	occur	as	a	result	of	various	risks	and	uncertainties,	the	market	value	of	our	common
stock	could	decline	significantly.
36	
Transactions	relating	to	our	convertible	notes	may	dilute	the	ownership	interest	of	existing	stockholders,	or	may	otherwise
depress	the	price	of	our	common	stock.
The	conversion	of	some	or	all	of	the	Tesla	Convertible	Notes	or	the	Subsidiary	Convertible	Notes	would	dilute	the	ownership	interests	of
existing	stockholders	to	the	extent	we	deliver	shares	upon	conversion	of	any	of	such	notes.	Our	Subsidiary	Convertible	Notes	have	been	historically,	and
the	other	Tesla	Convertible	Notes	may	become	in	the	future,	convertible	at	the	option	of	their	holders	prior	to	their	scheduled	terms	under	certain
circumstances.	If	holders	elect	to	convert	their	convertible	notes,	we	could	be	required	to	deliver	to	them	a	significant	number	of	shares	of	our	common
stock.	Any	sales	in	the	public	market	of	the	common	stock	issuable	upon	such	conversion	could	adversely	affect	prevailing	market	prices	of	our	common
stock.	In	addition,	the	existence	of	the	convertible	notes	may	encourage	short	selling	by	market	participants	because	the	conversion	of	such	notes	could
be	used	to	satisfy	short	positions,	or	anticipated	conversion	of	such	notes	into	shares	of	our	common	stock	could	depress	the	price	of	our	common	stock.
Moreover,	in	connection	with	each	issuance	of	the	Tesla	Convertible	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions,	which	are
expected	to	reduce	the	potential	dilution	and/or	offset	potential	cash	payments	we	are	required	to	make	in	excess	of	the	principal	amount	upon
conversion	of	the	applicable	Tesla	Convertible	Notes.	We	also	entered	into	warrant	transactions	with	the	hedge	counterparties,	which	could	separately
have	a	dilutive	effect	on	our	common	stock	to	the	extent	that	the	market	price	per	share	of	our	common	stock	exceeds	the	applicable	strike	price	of	the
warrants	on	the	applicable	expiration	dates.	In	addition,	the	hedge	counterparties	or	their	affiliates	may	enter	into	various	transactions	with	respect	to
their	hedge	positions,	which	could	also	cause	or	prevent	an	increase	or	a	decrease	in	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock	or	the	convertible	notes.
Elon	Musk	has	pledged	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	secure	certain	bank	borrowings.	If	Mr.	Musk	were	forced	to	sell	these
shares	pursuant	to	a	margin	call	that	he	could	not	avoid	or	satisfy,	such	sales	could	cause	our	stock	price	to	decline.
Certain	banking	institutions	have	made	extensions	of	credit	to	Elon	Musk,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	a	portion	of	which	was	used	to	purchase
shares	of	common	stock	in	certain	of	our	public	offerings	and	private	placements	at	the	same	prices	offered	to	third	party	participants	in	such	offerings
and	placements.	We	are	not	a	party	to	these	loans,	which	are	partially	secured	by	pledges	of	a	portion	of	the	Tesla	common	stock	currently	owned	by
Mr.	Musk.	If	the	price	of	our	common	stock	were	to	decline	substantially	and	Mr.	Musk	were	unable	to	avoid	or	satisfy	a	margin	call	with	respect	to	his
pledged	shares,	Mr.	Musk	may	be	forced	by	one	or	more	of	the	banking	institutions	to	sell	shares	of	Tesla	common	stock	in	order	to	remain	within	the
margin	limitations	imposed	under	the	terms	of	his	loans.	Any	such	sales	could	cause	the	price	of	our	common	stock	to	decline	further.
Anti-takeover	provisions	contained	in	our	governing	documents,	applicable	laws	and	our	convertible	notes	could	impair	a	takeover
attempt.
Our	certificate	of	incorporation	and	bylaws	afford	certain	rights	and	powers	to	our	board	of	directors
	
that	
could
	contribute	to	the	delay	or
prevention	of	an	acquisition	that	it	deems	undesirable.	We	are	also	subject	to	Section	203	of	the	Delaware	General	Corporation	Law	and	other
provisions	of	Delaware	law	that	limit	the	ability	of	stockholders	in	certain	situations	to	effect	certain	business	combinations.	In	addition,	the	terms	of
our	convertible	notes	require	us	to	repurchase	such	notes	in	the	event	of	a	fundamental	change,	including	a	takeover	of	our	company.	Any	of	the
foregoing	provisions	and	terms	that	has	the	effect	of	delaying	or	deterring	a	change	in	control	could	limit	the	opportunity	for	our	stockholders	to	receive
a	premium	for	their	shares	of	our	common	stock,	and	could	also	affect	the	price	that	some	investors	are	willing	to	pay	for	our	common	stock.
	
	
ITEM	1B.
UNRESOLVED	STAFF	COMMENTS
None.
	
	
37	
ITEM	2.
PR
OPERTIES
The	following	table	sets	forth	the	location,	approximate	current	occupancy	size	and	primary	use	of	our	principal	leased	and	owned	facilities:
	
Location
	
Approximate
Size	of	Facilities
(in	Square	Feet)
	
	
Primary	Use
	
Lease
Expiration
Date
Fremont,	California
	
	
5,500,000
	
	
Manufacturing,	administration,	engineering,	service,
delivery	and	warehouse
	
Owned	building
Sparks,	Nevada
	
	
5,024,350
	
*
Gigafactory	1,	production	of	lithium-ion	battery	cells	and
vehicle	drive	units
	
Owned	building
Tilburg,	Netherlands
	
	
1,688,217
	
	
Manufacturing,	administration,	engineering	and	service
	
November	2023	-	June	2028
Fremont,	California
	
	
1,237,772
	
	
Administration,	manufacturing	and	engineering
	
October	2025	-	June	2030
Livermore,	California
	
	
1,002,703
	
	
Warehouse
	
October	2026
Lathrop,	California
	
	
885,867
	
	
Warehouse	and	manufacturing
	
September	2024	-	February	2030
Sparks,	Nevada
	
	
632,445
	
	
Warehouse
	
December	2019	-	December	2020
Lathrop,	California
	
	
496,888
	
	
Manufacturing
	
Owned	building
Palo	Alto,	California
	
	
350,000
	
	
Administration	and	engineering
	
January	2022
Taipei	City,	Taiwan
	
	
283,790
	
	
Warehouse,	administration	and	service
	
February	2022
Elkridge,	Maryland
	
	
176,651
	
	
Warehouse
	
October	2023
Grand	Rapids,	Michigan
	
	
176,606
	
	
Manufacturing
	
May	2025
Draper,	Utah
	
	
154,846
	
	
Administration
	
October	2027
Hawthorne,	California
	
	
132,250
	
	
Engineering
	
December	2022
Bethlehem,	Pennsylvania
	
	
130,971
	
	
Warehouse
	
April	2022
	
*	These	facilities	are	currently	in	construction	and	the	approximate	square	footage	as	presented	represent	the	current	occupancy	as	of	December	31,
2018.
In	addition	to	the	properties	included	in	the	table	above,	we	also	lease	a	large	number	of	properties	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	for	our
retail	and	service	locations,	Supercharger	sites,	solar	installation	and	maintenance	warehouses	and	regional	administrative	and	sales	offices	for	our
solar	business.	Our	properties	are	used	to	support	both	of	our	reporting	segments.
We	will	begin	leasing	a	1.1	million	square	feet	solar	manufacturing	facility	(Gigafactory	2	in	Buffalo,	New	York)	for	an	initial	term	of	10	years
and	a	0.9	million	square	feet	warehouse	and	manufacturing	facility	in	Lathrop,	California	for	an	initial	term	of	11.5	years	upon	construction	completion
of	the	facilities.	Additionally,	we	purchased	the	land	use	rights	with	an	initial	term	of	50	years	for	Gigafactory	Shanghai	in	December	2018	and	began
construction	of	the	facility	in	January	2019.	Once	construction	has	completed,	we	expect	the	building	to	have	a	capacity	of	4.5	million	square	feet.
	
	
I
TEM	3.
LEGA
L	PROCEEDINGS
For	a	description	of	our	material	pending	legal	proceedings,	please	see	Note	17,	
Commitments	and	Contingencies
,	to	the	consolidated	financial
statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
	
	
I
TEM	4.
MINE	SAFETY	DISCLOSURES
Not	applicable
	
	
	
38	
P
ART	II
I
TEM	5.
MARKET	FOR	REGISTRANT’S	COMMON	EQUITY,	RELATED	STOCKHOLDER	MATTERS	AND	ISSUER	PURCHASES	OF
EQUITY	SECURITIES
Market	Information
Our	common	stock	has	traded	on	The	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market	under	the	symbol	“TSLA”	since	it	began	trading	on	June	29,	2010.	Our
initial	public	offering	was	priced	at	$17.00	per	share	on	June	28,	2010.
Holders
As	of	January	31,	2018,	there	were	1,145	holders	of	record	of	our	common	stock.	A	substantially	greater	number	of	holders	of	our	common	stock
are	“street	name”	or	beneficial	holders,	whose	shares	are	held	by	banks,	brokers	and	other	financial	institutions.
Dividend	Policy
We	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our	common	stock.	We	currently	do	not	anticipate	paying	any	cash	dividends	in	the
foreseeable	future.	Any	future	determination	to	declare	cash	dividends	will	be	made	at	the	discretion	of	our	board	of	directors,	subject	to	applicable
laws,	and	will	depend	on	our	financial	condition,	results	of	operations,	capital	requirements,	general	business	conditions	and	other	factors	that	our
board	of	directors	may	deem	relevant.
Stock	Performance	Graph
This	performance	graph	shall	not	be	deemed	“filed”	for	purposes	of	Section	18	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended	(the
“Exchange	Act”),	or	incorporated	by	reference	into	any	filing	of	Tesla,	Inc.	under	the	Securities	Act	of	1933,	as	amended	(the	“Securities	Act”),	or	the
Exchange	Act,	except	as	shall	be	expressly	set	forth	by	specific	reference	in	such	filing.
39	
The	following	graph	shows	a	comparison,	from	January	1,	2014	through	December	31,	2018,	of	the	cumulative	total	return	on	our	common
stock,	The	NASDAQ	Composite	Index	and	a	group	of	all	public	companies	sharing	the	same	SIC	code	as	us,	which	is	SIC	code	3711,	“Motor	Vehicles
and	Passenger	Car	Bodies”	(Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company	Group).	Such	returns	are	based	on	historical	results	and	are	not
intended	to	suggest	future	performance.	Data	for	The	NASDAQ	Composite	Index	and	the	Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company
Group	assumes	an	investment	of	$100	on	January	1,	2014	and	reinvestment	of	dividends.	We	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our
common	stock	nor	do	we	anticipate	paying	any	such	cash	dividends	in	the	foreseeable	future.
	
	
Unregistered	Sales	of	Equity	Securities
Exercises	of	Warrants
In	connection	with	the	offering	in	2013	of	our	
1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	2018
,	we	sold	warrants	to	each	of	Goldman,	Sachs	&	Co.	and
Morgan	Stanley	&	Co.	LLC	(the	“Warrantholders”).	Between	October	1,	2018	and	October	31,	2018,	we	issued	an	aggregate	of	132,977	shares	of	our
common	stock	to	the	Warrantholders	pursuant	to	their	exercise	of	such	warrants,	which	were	net	of	the	applicable	exercise	prices.	Such	shares	were
issued	pursuant	to	an	exemption	from	registration	provided	by	Rule	3(a)(9)	of	the	Securities	Act.
Private	Placement	to	CEO
On	November	9,	2018,	we	sold	56,915	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	our	CEO	in	a	private	placement	pursuant	to	an	exemption	from
registration	provided	by	Rule	4(a)(2)	of	the	Securities	Act,	at	a	per	share	price	equal	to	the	last	closing	price	of	our	stock	prior	to	the	execution	of	the
purchase	agreement,	and	received	total	cash	proceeds	of	$20.0	million.
Conversion	of	Convertible	Senior	Notes
On	December	17,	2018,	we	issued	10	shares	of	our	common	stock	to	a	former	holder	of	the	1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019	issued
by	our	subsidiary	in	connection	with	such	holder’s	conversion	of	$8,000	in	principal	amount	of	such	notes.	Such	shares	were	issued	pursuant	to	an
exemption	from	registration	provided	by	Rule	3(a)(9)	of	the	Securities	Act.
	
40	
Purchases	of	Equity	Securities	by	the	Issuer	and	Affiliated	Purchasers
None
	
	
I
TEM	6.
SELECTED	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	DATA
The	following	selected	consolidated	financial	data	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	“Management’s	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial
Condition	and	Results	of	Operations”	and	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related	notes	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on
Form	10-K	to	fully	understand	factors	that	may	affect	the	comparability	of	the	information	presented	below	(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data).
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018	(2)
	
	
2017
	
	
2016	(1)
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations	Data:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
$
21,461,268
	
	
$
11,758,751
	
	
$
7,000,132
	
	
$
4,046,025
	
	
$
3,198,356
	
Gross	profit
	
$
4,042,021
	
	
$
2,222,487
	
	
$
1,599,257
	
	
$
923,503
	
	
$
881,671
	
Loss	from	operations
	
$
(388,073
)
	
$
(1,632,086
)
	
$
(667,340
)
	
$
(716,629
)
	
$
(186,689
)
Net	loss	attributable	to	common	stockholders
	
$
(976,091
)
	
$
(1,961,400
)
	
$
(674,914
)
	
$
(888,663
)
	
$
(294,040
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock
			attributable	to	common	stockholders,	basic
			and	diluted
	
$
(5.72
)
	
$
(11.83
)
	
$
(4.68
)
	
$
(6.93
)
	
$
(2.36
)
Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing
			net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock,	basic
			and	diluted
	
	
170,525
	
	
	
165,758
	
	
	
144,212
	
	
	
128,202
	
	
	
124,539
	
	
	
As	of	December	31,
	
	
	
2018	(2)
	
	
2017
	
	
2016	(1)
	
	
2015
	
	
2014
	
Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	Data:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Working	(deficit)	capital
	
$
(1,685,828
)
	
$
(1,104,150
)
	
$
432,791
	
	
$
(29,029
)
	
$
1,072,907
	
Total	assets
	
	
29,739,614
	
	
	
28,655,372
	
	
	
22,664,076
	
	
	
8,067,939
	
	
	
5,830,667
	
Total	long-term	obligations
	
	
13,433,874
	
	
	
15,348,310
	
	
	
10,923,162
	
	
	
4,125,915
	
	
	
2,753,595
	
	
(1)
We	acquired	SolarCity	Corporation	(“SolarCity”)	on	November	21,	2016.	SolarCity’s	financial	positions	have	been	included	in	our	financial
positions	from	the	acquisition	date.	See	Note	3,	
Business	Combinations,	
of	the	notes	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	for	additional
information	regarding	this	transaction.
	
(2)
Includes	the	impact	of	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	recognition	accounting	standard	in	2018.	Prior	periods	have	not	been	revised.	See
Note	2,	
Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies
,	of	the	notes	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	for	further	details.
	
	
41	
I
TEM	7.
MANAGEMENT’S	DISCUSSION	AND	ANALYSIS	OF	FINANCIAL	CONDITION	AND	RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONS
The	following	discussion	and	analysis	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related	notes	included
elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
Overview	and	2018	Highlights
Our	mission	is	to	accelerate	the	world’s	transition	to	sustainable	energy.	We	design,	develop,	manufacture,	lease	and	sell	high-performance	fully
electric	vehicles,	solar	energy	generation	systems	and	energy	storage	products.	We	also	offer	maintenance,	installation,	operation	and	other	services
related	to	our	products.
Automotive
Our	production	vehicle	fleet	includes	our	Model	S	premium	sedan	and	our	Model	X	SUV,	which	are	our	highest-performance	vehicles,	and	our
Model	3,	a	lower-priced	sedan	designed	for	the	mass	market.	We	continue	to	enhance	our	vehicle	offerings	with	enhanced	Autopilot	options,	internet
connectivity	and	free	over-the-air	software	updates	to	provide	additional	safety,	convenience	and	performance	features.	In	addition,	we	have	several
future	electric	vehicles	in	our	product	pipeline,	including	Model	Y,	Tesla	Semi,	a	pickup	truck	and	a	new	version	of	the	Tesla	Roadster.
In	2018,	we	continued	to	scale	our	automotive	operations,	particularly	our	ramp	of	Model	3,	and	achieved	total	production	of	254,530	vehicles
and	delivered	245,506	vehicles,	representing	year-over-year	increases	of	approximately	152%	and	138%,	respectively.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage
We	lease	and	sell	retrofit	solar	energy	systems	and	sell	renewable	energy	and	energy	storage	products	to	our	customers,	and	are	ramping	our
Solar	Roof	product	that	combines	solar	energy	generation	with	attractive,	integrated	styling.	Our	energy	storage	products,	which	we	manufacture	at
Gigafactory	1,	consist	of	Powerwall,	mostly	for	residential	applications,	and	Powerpack,	for	commercial,	industrial	and	utility-scale	applications.
During	2018,	we	deployed	1.04	GWh	of	energy	storage	products,	nearly	tripling	our	358	MWh	of	energy	storage	deployments	during	2017.	We
also	deployed	326	megawatts	(“MW”)	of	solar	energy	generation	during	2018.
Management	Opportunities,	Challenges	and	Risks	and	2019	Outlook
Automotive	Demand,	Production	and	Deliveries
Our	goal	is	to	produce	the	world’s	highest	quality	vehicles	as	quickly	and	as	cost-effectively	as	possible	with	a	priority	on	workplace	health	and
safety.	The	worldwide	automotive	markets	for	alternative	fuel	vehicles	and	self-driving	technology	are	highly	competitive	and	we	expect	them	to	become
even	more	so.	A	growing	number	of	companies,	including	established	automakers,	have	announced	plans	to	expand,	and	in	some	cases	fully	transition
to,	production	of	electric	or	environmentally	friendly	vehicles,	and/or	to	develop	self-driving	technologies.	However,	we	believe	that	the	unique	features
of	our	vehicles,	the	safety	aspects	of	each	of	our	vehicles,	our	constant	innovation,	our	growing	brand,	the	increased	affordability	introduced	with	Model
3,	the	innovation	and	expansion	of	our	global	retail,	service	and	charging	operations	and	infrastructure	and	our	future	vehicles	will	continue	to	generate
incremental	demand	for	our	vehicles	by	making	our	vehicles	accessible	to	larger	and	previously	untapped	consumer	and	commercial	markets.
42	
Model	3	was	the	best-selling	premium	vehicle	in	the	United	States	in	2018.	Vehicles	traded	in	to	us	by	Model	3	customers	continue	to	suggest
the	existence	of	a	wider	addressable	market	for	this	vehicle	than	existing	owners	of	mid-sized	premium	sedans.	Moreover,	as	we	have	offered	only	the
long-range,	mid-range	and	performance	variants	of	Model	3	thus	far,	we	believe	that	we	will	see	increased	demand	with	the	introduction	of	less
expensive	variants,	such	as	a	version	with	a	base	price	of	$35,000	that	we	intend	to	offer	in	the	future,	and	additional	financing	options.	We	commenced
in	January	2019	production	of	Model	3	for	Europe	and	China,	each	of	which	we	believe	has	a	much	larger	mid-sized	premium	sedan	market	than	North
America,	where	we	have	exclusively	delivered	Model	3	to	date.	We	also	believe	that	we	have	an	advantage	over	our	competitors	with	respect	to	our
battery	and	powertrain	technology,	as	our	vehicles’	EPA-rated	range	per	kWh	is	expected	to	be	superior	to	that	of	other	electric	vehicles	to	be
introduced	in	the	near	term,	and	we	have	the	ability	to	improve	our	vehicles	through	over-the-air	software	updates.	We	are	producing	variants
(including	regional	versions)	of	Model	3	in	accordance	with	the	demand	that	we	expect	for	them,	however,	and	we	have	finite	production	capabilities
with	long	lead	times	associated	with	procuring	certain	parts.	If	our	Model	3	demand	expectations	prove	inaccurate	or	we	experience	delays	in
introducing	planned	additional	variants,	including	as	we	begin	offering	Model	3	in	new	markets,	we	may	not	be	able	to	timely	generate	sales	matched	to
the	specific	vehicles	that	we	have	the	capacity	to	produce.	We	may	also	be	impacted	by	trade	policies,	political	uncertainty	and	
economic	cycles
involving	geographic	regions	where	we	have	significant	operations.	
Sales	of	vehicles	in	the	automotive	industry	also	tend	to	be	cyclical	in	many
markets,	which	may	expose	us	to	increased	volatility	as	we	expand	and	adjust	our	operations	and	retail	strategies.
	In	addition,	the	federal	tax	credit	for
the	purchase	of	a	qualified	electric	vehicle	in	the	U.S.	was	reduced	to	$3,750	for	any	Tesla	vehicle	delivered	during	the	first	or	second	quarter	of	2019,
and	will	be	further	reduced	to	$1,875	for	each	Tesla	vehicle	delivered	in	the	third	or	fourth	quarter	of	2019	and	to	$0	for	each	Tesla	vehicle	delivered
thereafter.	We	believe	that	this	phase-out	likely	pulled	forward	some	vehicle	demand	into	2018	and	could	create	similar	pull-forwards	in	2019	before
each	further	step	reduction	in	the	federal	tax	credit.	In	the	long	run,	we	do	not	expect	a	meaningful	impact	to	our	sales	in	the	U.S.,	as	we	believe	that
each	of	our	vehicle	models	offers	a	compelling	proposition	even	without	incentives.	Globally,	we	are	also	working	to,	and	in	some	cases	have	already
begun	to,	increase	the	value	proposition	and	affordability	of	our	offerings	to	customers	and	offer	other	financing	arrangements	over	time.	For	example,
we	intend	to	introduce	leasing	options	for	Model	3.
Our	Model	3	production	ramped	dramatically	during	2018,	and	we	expect	to	continue	to	grow	Model	3	production	to	a	sustained	rate	of	7,000
vehicles	per	week	at	our	Tesla	Factory	by	the	end	of	2019	as	we	ramp	international	deliveries.		We	remain	focused	on	further	cost	improvements	and	on
increasing	the	affordability	of	Model	3.	Furthermore,	in	January	2019	we	commenced	construction	of	our	Gigafactory	Shanghai	in	China.	We	expect	to
build	a	production	process	that	is	optimized	and	simplified	for	Model	3	production,	comprised	of	stamping,	body	joining	and	paint	shops	and	general
assembly,	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai	to	begin	production	of	
certain	trims	of	Model	3
	for	China	by	the	end	of	2019.	We	believe	that	the	efficiencies	of	local
production,	as	well	as	avoiding	certain	tariffs	on	U.S.-manufactured	vehicles,	will	allow	us	to	offer	Model	3	at	a	lower	average	selling	price	in	the	largest
market	for	electric	vehicles	in	the	world.	Inclusive	of	Gigafactory	Shanghai,	our	goal	is	to	be	able	to	produce	10,000	Model	3	vehicles	per	week	on	a
sustained	basis,	and	an	annualized	output	rate	in	excess	of	500,000	Model	3	vehicles	sometime	between	the	fourth	quarter	of	2019	and	the	second
quarter	of	2020.	However,	the	timeframe	for	Gigafactory	Shanghai	is	subject	to	a	number	of	uncertainties,	including	regulatory	approval,	supply	chain
constraints,	and	the	pace	of	installing	production	equipment	and	bringing	the	factory	online.	Ultimately,	achieving	increased	Model	3	production	cost-
effectively	will	require	that	we	timely	address	any	additional	bottlenecks	that	may	arise	as	we	continue	to	ramp,	and	establish	sustained	supplier
capacity,	including	locally	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai.
We	also	recently	discontinued	new	custom	orders	for	the	75	kWh	versions	of	Model	S	and	Model	X	to	focus	on	longer	range	versions	of	our
highest-performance	flagship	vehicles	and	further	differentiate	them	from	Model	3.	We	have	gradually	increased	the	level	of	option	standardization
across	these	models,	and	this	latest	step	and	our	increasing	production	efficiency	have	allowed	us	to	reduce	the	production	hours	for	them	while
preserving	the	flexibility	to	increase	output	as	necessary.	As	Model	S	and	Model	X	are	produced	in	the	U.S.,	for	the	foreseeable	future	we	could	be
impacted	by	increased	import	duties	on	components	sourced	from	China,	as	well	as	by	tariffs	on	vehicles	exported	to	China,	although	we	intend	to
partially	divert	such	deliveries	to	North	America	and	Europe,	if	necessary.
43	
Advancing	our	customer-facing	infrastructure	remains	a	top	priority.	Delivering	vehicles	to	our	customers	and	the	related	logistics	were
challenging	during	2018,	but	we	continue	to	improve	these	processes	to	maximize	customer	satisfaction,	including	by	purchasing	our	own	car-hauling
trucks.	We	are	also	expanding	our	servicing	capabilities	for	our	rapidly	growing	customer	vehicle	fleet,	including	by	growing	our	service	locations	and
Mobile	Service	fleet,	moving	to	two-shift	operations	at	service	centers	where	needed,	and	optimizing	our	parts	distribution	network.	We	are	also
updating	the	Tesla	mobile	app	for	scheduling	service	appointments	in	order	to	increase	customer	convenience.	As	sales	of	Tesla	vehicles	ramp	further,
we	plan	to	continue	to	open	new	Tesla	retail	locations,	service	centers	and	body	shops	around	the	world,	and	we	plan	to	continue	to	expand	our	Mobile
Service	fleet.	We	also	plan	to	continue	to	significantly	increase	the	number	of	Superchargers	and	Destination	Charging	connectors	globally,	as	well	as
evolve	our	Supercharger	technology	to	enable	faster	charging	times	while	reducing	our	related	costs.	However,	we	will	have	to	stabilize	and	sustain	our
delivery	and	logistics	model	to	deliver	an	increasing	number	of	vehicles,	and	we	have	only	limited	experience	with	this	at	scale,	particularly	in	markets
outside	of	North	America.	Moreover,	if	our	growing	fleet	of	customer	vehicles,	particularly	Model	3,	experiences	unexpected	reliability	issues,	it	could
overburden	our	servicing	capabilities.
	
Finally,	we	are	making	progress	with	our	self-driving	technology,	as	well	as	the	Autopilot	features	in	our	vehicles.	Our	neural	net	and
functionality	continue	to	improve,	and	we	frequently	release	minor	software	updates	and	from	time	to	time	release	key	version	updates.	Recently,	we
launched	a	“Navigate	on	Autopilot”	feature	that	allows	enabled	Tesla	vehicles	under	appropriate	circumstances	and	driver	input	to	change	lanes,
transition	between	freeways	and	exit	freeways.	While	we	are	subject	to	regulatory	constraints	over	which	we	have	no	control,	our	ultimate	goal	is	to
achieve	full	autonomy.		Additionally,	there	is	growing	competition	from	other	automobile	and	technology	companies	in	the	area	of	self-driving.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Demand,	Production	and	Deployment
We	are	continuing	to	reduce	customer	acquisition	costs	of	our	energy	generation	products,	transitioning	away	from	former	channel	partners
and	shifting	our	sales	strategy	significantly	to	sell	these	products	in	Tesla	stores	and	on	our	website	and	through	cross-selling	opportunities	to	our
expanding	base	of	vehicle	owners.		As	we	continue	to	implement	this	strategy,	we	expect	that	our	retrofit	solar	system	deployments	will	decrease
slightly	before	stabilizing	and	growing	in	the	second	half	of	the	year,	including	through	cross-selling	opportunities	to	our	expanding	base	of	vehicle
owners.	Our	emphasis	for	retrofit	solar	products	remains	on	executing	projects	for	upfront	cash	generation	and	profitability,	rather	than	absolute
volume	growth,	such	as	by	reducing	the	mix	of	leased	systems	and	prioritizing	residential	installations	that	are	combined	with	our	energy	storage
products.
We	are	continuing	with	the	design	iterations	and	testing	on	our	Solar	Roof	product,	and	we	are	continuing	installations	at	a	slow	pace	with	the
expectation	that	we	will	ramp	production	with	significantly	improved	manufacturing	capabilities	during	2019.
We	expect	our	energy	storage	products	to	continue	to	experience	significant	growth,	and	we	are	targeting	to	more	than	double	our	deployments
to	over	2	GWh	in	2019.	We	see	opportunities	in	North	America	as	well	as	in	Australia	and	Europe,	where	energy	storage	coupled	with	solar	generation
may	mitigate	typically	higher	electricity	rates,	as	well	as	for	projects	to	increase	energy	grid	reliability.	We	are	continuing	to	ramp	production	for	these
products	at	Gigafactory	1,	including	through	a	new	production	line,	and	we	have	seen	further	manufacturing	efficiencies	and	improvements	in	our
installation	processes	as	we	ramp.
Trends	in	Cash	Flow,	Capital	Expenditures	and	Operating	Expenses
Capital	expenditures	in	2019	are	projected	to	be	approximately	$2.5	billion,	mostly	to	support	increases	in	Model	3	production	capacity	at
Gigafactory	1	and	the	Tesla	Factory,	the	establishment	of	Model	3	production	capacity	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai,	and	the	addition	of	manufacturing
capacity	for	Model	Y,	which	we	intend	to	produce	in	volume	by	the	end	of	2020,	as	well	as	the	ongoing	expansion	of	our	retail	locations,	service	centers,
body	shops,	Mobile	Service	fleet,	and	Supercharger	stations.
Generally,	we	expect	operating	expenses	as	a	percentage	of	revenue	to	continue	to	decrease	in	the	future	due	to	increases	in	expected	revenues
and	as	we	focus	on	increasing	operational	efficiency.	In	addition,	due	to	our	cost	management	efforts	to	maximize	operational	efficiency,	we	expect
operating	expenses	in	2019	to	grow	by	less	than	10%	from	2018.
44	
In	March	2018,	our	stockholders	approved	a	new	10-year	CEO	performance	award	for	Elon	Musk	with	vesting	contingent	on	achieving	market
capitalization	and	operational	milestones	(the	“2018	CEO	Performance	Award”).	Consequently,	we	may	incur	significant	additional	non-cash	stock-
based	compensation	expense	over	the	term	of	the	award	as	each	operational	milestone	becomes	probable	of	vesting.
Automotive	Financing	Options
We	offer	financing	arrangements	for	our	vehicles	in	certain	markets	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	primarily	through	various	financial
institutions.	
We	offer	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buy-back	terms	to	certain	customers	who	purchase	vehicles	and	who	finance	their	vehicles
through	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners.	We	also	offer	resale	value	guarantees	in	connection	with	automotive	sales	to	certain	leasing
partners.	Currently,	both	programs	are	available	only	in	certain	international	markets.
	Resale	value	guarantees	available	for	exercise	within	the	12
months	following	December	31,	2018	totaled	$149.7	million	in	value.
We	have	adopted	the	new	revenue	recognition	standard	ASC	606	effective	January	1,	2018.	This	impacts	the	way	we	account	for	vehicle	sales
with	a	resale	value	guarantee	and	vehicles	leased	through	our	leasing	partners,	which	now	generally	qualify	to	be	accounted	for	as	sales	with	a	right	of
return.	In	addition,	for	certain	vehicles	sales	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	and	vehicles	leased	through	leasing	partners	prior	to	2018,	we	have	ceased
recognizing	lease	revenue	starting	in	2018	and	record	the	associated	cumulative	adjustment	to	equity	under	the	modified	retrospective	approach.
Vehicle	deliveries	with	the	resale	value	guarantee	do	not	impact	our	near-term	cash	flows	and	liquidity,	since	we	receive	the	full	amount	of	cash
for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	delivery.	While	we	do	not	assume	any	credit	risk	related	to	the	customer,	if	a	customer	exercises	the	option	to	return	the
vehicle	to	us,	we	are	exposed	to	liquidity	risk	that	the	resale	value	of	vehicles	under	these	programs	may	be	lower	than	our	guarantee,	or	the	volume	of
vehicles	returned	to	us	may	be	higher	than	our	estimates	or	we	may	be	unable	to	resell	the	used	vehicles	in	a	timely	manner,	all	of	which	could
adversely	impact	our	cash	flows.	To	date,	we	have	only	had	an	insignificant	number	of	customers	who	exercised	their	resale	value	guarantees	and
returned	their	vehicles	to	us.	Based	on	current	market	demand	for	our	vehicles,	we	estimate	the	resale	prices	for	our	vehicles	will	continue	to	be	above
our	resale	value	guarantee	amounts,	but	resale	prices	may	inherently	fluctuate	depending	on	various	factors	such	as	supply	and	demand	of	our	used
vehicles,	economic	cycles	and	the	pricing	of	new	vehicles.	Should	market	values	of	our	vehicles	or	customer	demand	decrease,	these	estimates	may	be
impacted	materially.
We	currently	offer	Model	S	and	Model	X	leasing	directly	through	our	local	subsidiaries	in	the	U.S.	and	Canada
.	We	also	offer	leasing	through
leasing	partners	in	certain	jurisdictions.	Leasing	through	our	captive	financing	entities	and	our	leasing	partners	exposes	us	to	residual	value	risk.	In
addition,	for	leases	offered	directly	from	our	captive	financing	entities,	we	assume	customer	credit	risk.	We	plan	to	continue	expanding	our	financing
offerings,	including	our	lease	financing	options	and	the	financial	sources	to	support	them,	and	to	support	the	overall	financing	needs	of	our	customers.
To	the	extent	that	we	are	unable	to	arrange	such	options	for	our	customers	on	terms	that	are	attractive,	our	sales,	financial	results	and	cash	flows	could
be	negatively	impacted.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Financing	Options
We	offer	our	customers	the	choice	to	either	purchase	and	own	solar	energy	systems	or	to	purchase	the	energy	that	our	solar	energy	systems
produce	through	various	contractual	arrangements.	These	contractual	arrangements	include	long-term	leases	and	PPAs.	In	both	structures,	we	install
our	solar	energy	systems	at	our	customer’s	premises	and	charge	the	customer	a	monthly	fee.	In	the	lease	structure,	this	monthly	payment	is	fixed	with	a
minimum	production	guarantee.	In	the	PPA	structure,	we	charge	customers	a	fee	per	kilowatt-hour,	or	kWh,	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	the	solar
energy	system	actually	produces.	The	leases	and	PPAs	are	typically	for	20	years	with	a	renewal	option,	and	the	specified	monthly	fees	are	subject	to
annual	escalations.
For	customers	who	want	to	purchase	and	own	solar	energy	systems,	we	also	offer	solar	loans,	whereby	a	third-party	lender	provides	financing
directly	to	a	qualified	customer	to	enable	the	customer	to	purchase	and	own	a	solar	energy	system	designed,	installed	and	serviced	by	us.	We	enter	into
a	standard	solar	energy	system	sale	and	installation	agreement	with	the	customer.	Separately,	the	customer	enters	into	a	loan	agreement	with	a	third-
party	lender,	who	finances	the	full	purchase	price.	We	are	not	a	party	to	the	loan	agreement	between	the	customer	and	the	third-party	lender,	and	the
third-party	lender	has	no	recourse	against	us	with	respect	to	the	loan.
45	
Gigafactory	1
We	continue	to	develop	Gigafactory	1	as	a	facility	where	we	work	together	with	our	suppliers	to	integrate	production	of	battery	material,	cells,
modules,	battery	packs	and	drive	units	in	one	location	for	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products.	We	also	continue	to	invest	in	the	future	expansion	of
Gigafactory	1	and	in	additional	production	capacity	there.	For	example,	we	have	announced	that	we	will	likely	manufacture	Model	Y	at	Gigafactory	1.
Panasonic	has	partnered	with	us	on	Gigafactory	1	with	investments	in	the	production	equipment	that	it	uses	to	manufacture	and	supply	us	with
battery	cells.	Under	our	arrangement	with	Panasonic,	we	plan	to	purchase	the	full	output	from	their	production	equipment	at	negotiated	prices.	As
these	terms	convey	to	us	the	right	to	use,	as	defined	in	ASC	840,	
Leases
,	their	production	equipment,	we	consider	them	to	be	leased	assets	when
production	commences.	This	results	in	us	recording	the	value	of	their	production	equipment	within	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	on	the
consolidated	balance	sheets	with	a	corresponding	liability	recorded	to	financing	obligations.	For	all	suppliers	and	partners	for	which	we	plan	to
purchase	the	full	output	from	their	production	equipment	located	at	Gigafactory	1,	we	will	apply	similar	accounting.	During	the	year	ended
December	31,	2018,	we	recorded	$766.6	million	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
While	we	currently	believe	that	our	progress	at	Gigafactory	1	will	allow	us	to	reach	our	production	targets,	our	ultimate	ability	to	do	so	will
require	us	to	resolve	the	types	of	challenges	that	are	typical	of	a	production	ramp.	For	example,	we	have	in	the	past	experienced	bottlenecks	in	the
assembly	of	battery	modules	at	Gigafactory	1,	which	negatively	affected	our	production	of	Model	3.	While	we	continue	to	resolve	such	issues	at
Gigafactory	1	as	they	arise,	given	the	size	and	complexity	of	this	undertaking,	it	is	possible	that	future	events	could	result	in	the	cost	of	building	and
operating	Gigafactory	1	exceeding	our	current	expectations	and	Gigafactory	1	taking	longer	to	expand	than	we	currently	anticipate.
Gigafactory	2
We	have	an	agreement	with	the	SUNY	Foundation	for	the	construction	of	a	factory	with	the	intended	capacity	to	produce	at	least	1.0	GW	of
solar	products	annually	in	Buffalo,	New	York,	referred	to	as	Gigafactory	2.	In	December	2016,	we	entered	into	an	agreement	with	Panasonic	under
which	it	manufactures	custom	PV	cells	and	modules	for	us,	primarily	at	Gigafactory	2,	and	we	purchase	certain	quantities	of	PV	cells	and	modules	from
Panasonic	during	the	10-year	term.
The	terms	of	our	agreement	with	the	SUNY	Foundation	require	us	to	comply	with	a	number	of	covenants,	and	any	failure	to	comply	with	these
covenants	could	obligate	us	to	pay	significant	amounts	to	the	SUNY	Foundation	and	result	in	termination	of	the	agreement.	Although	we	remain	on
track	with	our	progress	at	Gigafactory	2,	our	expectations	as	to	the	cost	of	building	the	facility,	acquiring	manufacturing	equipment	and	supporting	our
manufacturing	operations	may	prove	incorrect,	which	could	subject	us	to	significant	expenses	to	achieve	the	desired	benefits.
Gigafactory	Shanghai
We	are	constructing	Gigafactory	Shanghai	in	order	to	significantly	increase	the	affordability	of	Model	3	for	customers	in	China	by	reducing
transportation	and	manufacturing	costs	and	eliminating	certain	tariffs	on	vehicles	imported	from	the	U.S.	We	broke	ground	in	January	2019,	and
subject	to	a	number	of	uncertainties,	including	regulatory	approval,	supply	chain	constraints,	and	the	pace	of	installing	production	equipment	and
bringing	the	factory	online,	we	expect	to	begin	production	of	certain	trims	of	Model	3	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai	by	the	end	of	2019.	We	expect	much	of
the	investment	in	Gigafactory	Shanghai	to	be	provided	through	local	debt	financing,	supported	by	limited	direct	capital	expenditures	by	us.	Moreover,
we	are	targeting	the	capital	expenditures	per	unit	of	production	capacity	at	this	factory	to	be	less	than	that	of	our	Model	3	production	at	the	Tesla
Factory,	from	which	we	have	drawn	learnings	that	should	allow	us	to	simplify	our	manufacturing	layout	and	processes	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai.
Other	Manufacturing
We	continue	to	expand	production	capacity	at	our	existing	facilities	and	construct	our	planned	facilities,	and	continually	explore	additional
production	capacity	internationally.
	
	
46	
Critical	Accounting	Policies	and	Estimates
The	consolidated	financial	statements	are	prepared	in	accordance	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	U.S.	(“GAAP”).	The
preparation	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	requires	us	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported	amounts	of	assets,
liabilities,	revenues,	costs	and	expenses	and	related	disclosures.	We	base	our	estimates	on	historical	experience,	as	appropriate,	and	on	various	other
assumptions	that	we	believe	to	be	reasonable	under	the	circumstances.	Changes	in	the	accounting	estimates	are	reasonably	likely	to	occur	from	period
to	period.	Accordingly,	actual	results	could	differ	significantly	from	the	estimates	made	by	our	management.	We	evaluate	our	estimates	and
assumptions	on	an	ongoing	basis.	To	the	extent	that	there	are	material	differences	between	these	estimates	and	actual	results,	our	future	financial
statement	presentation,	financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	will	be	affected.	We	believe	that	the	following	critical	accounting
policies	involve	a	greater	degree	of	judgment	and	complexity	than	our	other	accounting	policies.	Accordingly,	these	are	the	policies	we	believe	are	the
most	critical	to	understanding	and	evaluating	the	consolidated	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations.
Revenue	Recognition
Adoption	of	new	revenue	standard
On	January	1,	2018,	we	adopted	ASC	606,	Revenue	from	Contracts	with	Customers,	(“new	revenue	standard”)	using	the	modified	retrospective
method.	The	new	revenue	standard	had	a	material	impact	in	our	consolidated	financial	statements.	For	further	discussion,	refer	to	Note	2,	
Summary	of
Significant	Accounting	Policies
,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.
Automotive	Segment
Automotive	Sales	Revenue
Automotive	Sales	without	Resale	Value	Guarantee
Automotive	sales	revenue	
includes	revenues	related	to	deliveries	of	new	vehicles,	and	specific	other	features	and	services	that	meet	the
definition	of	a	performance	obligation	under	the	new	revenue	standard,	including	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity,	Autopilot,
full	self-driving	and	over-the-air	software	updates.	We	recognize	revenue	on	automotive	sales	upon	delivery	to	the	customer,	which	is	when	the	control
of	a	vehicle	transfers.	Payments	are	typically	received	at	the	point	control	transfers	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business.
Other	features	and	services	such	as	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity	and	over-the-air	software	updates	are	provisioned	upon
control	transfer	of	a	vehicle	and	recognized	over	time	on	a	straight-line	basis	as	we	have	a	stand-ready	obligation	to	deliver	such	services	to	the
customer.	We	recognize	revenue	related	to	these	other	features	and	services	over	the	performance	period,	which	is	generally	the	expected	ownership
life	of	the	vehicle	or	the	eight-year	life	of	the	vehicle.	Revenue	related	to	Autopilot	and	full	self-driving	features	is	recognized	when	functionality	is
delivered	to	the	customer.	For	our	obligations	related	to	automotive	sales,	we	estimate	standalone	selling	price	by	considering	costs	used	to	develop
and	deliver	the	service,	third-party	pricing	of	similar	options	and	other	information	that	may	be	available.
At	
the	time	of	revenue	recognition,	we	reduce	the	transaction	price	and	record	a	reserve	against	revenue	for	estimated	variable	consideration
related	to	future	product	returns.	Such	estimates	are	based	on	historical	experience	and	are	immaterial	in	all	periods	presented.	In	addition,	any	fees
that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	customer’s	lender	when	we	arrange	the	financing	are	recognized	as	an	offset	against	automotive	sales	revenue.
Costs	to	obtain	a	contract	mainly	relate	to	commissions	paid	to	our	sales	personnel	for	the	sale	of	vehicles.	Commissions	are	not	paid	on	other
obligations	such	as
	
access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity,	Autopilot,	full	self-driving	and	over-the-air	software	updates.	As	our
contract	costs	related	to	automotive	sales	are	typically	fulfilled	within	one	year,	the	costs	to	obtain	a	contract	are	expensed	as	incurred.	
Amounts	billed
to	customers	related	to	shipping	and	handling	are	classified	as	automotive	revenue,	and	
we	have	elected	to	recognize	the	cost	for	freight	and	shipping
when	control	over	vehicles,	parts,	or	accessories	have	transferred	to	the	customer	as	an	expense	in	cost	of	revenues.	Our	policy	is	to	exclude	taxes
collected	from	a	customer	from	the	transaction	price	of	automotive	contracts.
47	
Automotive	Sales	with	Resale	Value	Guarantee
We	offer	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buy-back	terms	to	certain	international	customers	who	purchase	vehicles	and	who	finance	their
vehicles	through	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners.	We	also	offer	resale	value	guarantees	in	connection	with	automotive	sales	to	certain
leasing	partners.	Under	these	programs,	we	receive	full	payment	for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	the	time	of	delivery	and	our	counterparty	has	the	option
of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	which	currently	is	generally	at	the	end	of	the	term	of	the	applicable	loan	or	financing
program,	for	a	pre-determined	resale	value.
With	the	exception	of	two	programs	which	are	discussed	within	the	
Automotive	Leasing
	section,	we	now	recognize	revenue	when	control
transfers	upon	delivery	to	customers	in	accordance	with	the	new	revenue	standard	as	a	sale	with	a	right	of	return	as	we	do	not	believe	the	customer	has
a	significant	economic	incentive	to	exercise	the	resale	value	guarantee	provided	to	them.	The	process	to	determine	whether	there	is	a	significant
economic	incentive	includes	a	comparison	of	a	vehicle’s	estimated	market	value	at	the	time	the	option	is	exercisable	with	the	guaranteed	resale	value	to
determine	the	customer’s	economic	incentive	to	exercise.	The	performance	obligations	and	the	pattern	of	recognizing	automotive	sales	with	resale
value	guarantees	are	consistent	with	automotive	sales	without	resale	value	guarantees	with	the	exception	of	our	estimate	for	sales	return	reserve.	Sales
return	reserves	for	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantees	are	estimated	based	on	historical	experience	plus	consideration	for	expected	future
market	values.	The	two	programs	that	are	still	being	recorded	as	operating	leases	are	discussed	in	further	detail	below	in	
Vehicle	Sales	to	Leasing
Partners	with	a	Resale	Value	Guarantee	and	a	Buyback	Option
	and	
Vehicle	Sales	to	Customers	with	a	Resale	Value	Guarantee	where	Exercise	is
Probable.
Prior	to	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard,	all	transactions	with	resale	value	guarantees	were	recorded	as	operating	leases.	The	amount
of	sale	proceeds	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	was	deferred	until	the	guarantee	expired	or	was	exercised.	For	certain	transactions	that	were
considered	interest	bearing	collateralized	borrowings	as	required	under	ASC	840,	
Leases
,	we	also	accrued	interest	expense	based	on	our	borrowing
rate.	The	remaining	sale	proceeds	were	deferred	and	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	stated	guarantee	period	to	automotive	leasing
revenue.	The	guarantee	period	expired	at	the	earlier	of	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period	or	the	pay-off	of	the	initial	loan.	We	capitalized	the	cost	of	these
vehicles	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	and	depreciated	their	value,	less	estimated	residual	value,	to	cost	of
automotive	leasing	revenue	over	the	same	period.
In	cases	where	our	counterparty	retained	ownership	of	the	vehicle	at	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period,	the	resale	value	guarantee	liability	and
any	remaining	deferred	revenue	balances	related	to	the	vehicle	were	settled	to	automotive	leasing	revenue,	and	the	net	book	value	of	the	leased	vehicle
was	expensed	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.	If	our	counterparty	returned	the	vehicle	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	we	purchased	the
vehicle	from	our	counterparty	in	an	amount	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	and	settled	any	remaining	deferred	balances	to	automotive	leasing
revenue,	and	we	reclassified	the	net	book	value	of	the	vehicle	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	to	used	vehicle	inventory.
Automotive	Regulatory	Credits
California	and	certain	other	states	have	laws	in	place	requiring	vehicle	manufacturers	to	ensure	that	a	portion	of	the	vehicles	delivered	for	sale	in
that	state	during	each	model	year	are	zero-emission	vehicles.	These	laws	and	regulations	provide	that	a	manufacturer	of	zero-emission	vehicles	may	earn
regulatory	credits	(“ZEV	credits”)	and	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers	who	apply	such	credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory
requirements.	Similar	regulations	exist	at	the	federal	level	that	require	compliance	related	to	greenhouse	gas	(“GHG”)	emissions	and	also	allow	for	the	sale
of	excess	credits	by	one	manufacturer	to	other	manufacturers.	As	a	manufacturer	solely	of	zero-emission	vehicles,	we	have	earned	emission	credits,	such
as	ZEV	and	GHG	credits,	on	our	vehicles,	and	we	expect	to	continue	to	earn	these	credits	in	the	future.	We	enter	into	contractual	agreements	with	third-
parties	to	purchase	our	regulatory	credits.	Payments	for	regulatory	credits	are	typically	received	at	the	point	control	transfers	to	the	customer,	or	in
accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business.	
We	recognize	revenue	on	the	sale	of	regulatory	credits	at	the	time	control	of	the	regulatory
credits	is	transferred	to	the	purchasing	party	as	automotive	revenue	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations.
48	
Automotive	Leasing	Revenue
Automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	revenue	recognized	under	lease	accounting	guidance	for	our	direct	leasing	programs	as	well	as	the	two
programs	with	resale	value	guarantees	which	continue	to	qualify	for	operating	lease	treatment.	Prior	to	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard,	all
programs	with	resale	value	guarantees	were	accounted	for	as	operating	leases.
Direct	Vehicle	Leasing	Program
We	have	outstanding	leases	under	our	direct	vehicle	leasing	programs	in	certain	locations	in	the	U.S.,	Canada	and	Europe.	Currently,	the	direct
vehicle	leasing	program	is	only	offered	for	new	leases	to	qualified	customers	in	the	U.S.	and	Canada.	Qualifying	customers	are	permitted	to	lease	a
vehicle	directly	from	Tesla	for	up	to	48	months.	At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	customers	have	the	option	of	either	returning	the	vehicle	to	us	or
purchasing	it	for	a	pre-determined	residual	value.	We	account	for	these	leasing	transactions	as	operating	leases.	We	record	leasing	revenues
to	automotive	leasing	revenue	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	contractual	term,	and	we	record	the	depreciation	of	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive
leasing	revenue.
We	capitalize	shipping	costs	and	initial	direct	costs	such	as	the	incremental	cost	of	contract	administration,	referral	fees	and	sales	commissions
from	the	origination	of	automotive	lease	agreements	as	an	element	of	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	and	subsequently	amortize	these	costs	over	the	term
of	the	related	lease	agreement.	Our	policy	is	to	exclude	taxes	collected	from	a	customer	from	the	transaction	price	of	automotive	contracts.
Vehicle	Sales	to	Leasing	Partners	with	a	Resale	Value	Guarantee	and	a	Buyback	Option
We	offer	buyback	options	in	connection	with	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantees	to	certain	leasing	partner	sales	in	the	United	States.
These	transactions	entail	a	transfer	of	leases,	which	we	have	originated	with	an	end-customer,	to	our	leasing	partner.	As	control	of	the	vehicles	has	not
been	transferred	in	accordance	with	the	new	revenue	standard,	these	transactions	continue	to	be	accounted	for	as	interest	bearing	collateralized
borrowings	in	accordance	with	ASC	840,	
Leases
.	Under	this	program,	cash	is	received	for	the	full	price	of	the	vehicle	and	the	collateralized	borrowing
value	is	generally	recorded	within	resale	value	guarantees	and	the	customer	upfront	deposit	is	recorded	within	deferred	revenue.	We	amortize	the
deferred	revenue	amount	to	automotive	leasing	revenue	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	option	period	and	accrue	interest	expense	based	on	our
borrowing	rate.	We	capitalize	vehicles	under	this	program	to	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet,	and	we	record
depreciation	from	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	during	the	period	the	vehicle	is	under	a	lease	arrangement.	Cash	received	for
these	vehicles,	net	of	revenue	recognized	during	the	period,	is	classified	as	collateralized	lease	(repayments)	borrowings	within	cash	flows	from
financing	activities	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows.
At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	we	settle	our	liability	in	cash	by	either	purchasing	the	vehicle	from	the	leasing	partner	for	the	buyback	option
amount	or	paying	a	shortfall	to	the	option	amount	the	leasing	partner	may	realize	on	the	sale	of	the	vehicle.	Any	remaining	balances	within	deferred
revenue	and	resale	value	guarantee	will	be	settled	to	automotive	leasing	revenue.	In	cases	where	the	leasing	partner	retains	ownership	of	the	vehicle
after	the	end	of	our	option	period,	we	expense	the	net	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.
On	a	quarterly	basis,	we	assess	the	estimated	market	values	of	vehicles	under	our	buyback	options	program	to	determine	if	we	have	sustained	a
loss	on	any	of	these	contracts.	As	we	accumulate	more	data	related	to	the	buyback	values	of	our	vehicles	or	as	market	conditions	change,	there	may	be
material	changes	to	their	estimated	values,	although	we	have	not	experienced	any	material	losses	during	any	period	to	date.
49	
Vehicle	Sales	to	Customers	with	a	Resale	Value	Guarantee	where	Exercise	is	Probable
For	certain	international	programs	where	we	have	offered	resale	value	guarantees	to	certain	customers	who	purchased	vehicles	and	where	we
expect	the	customer	has	a	significant	economic	incentive	to	exercise	the	resale	value	guarantee	provided	to	them,	we	continue	to	recognize	these
transactions	as	operating	leases.	The	process	to	determine	whether	there	is	a	significant	economic	incentive	includes	a	comparison	of	a	vehicle’s
estimated	market	value	at	the	time	the	option	is	exercisable	with	the	guaranteed	resale	value	to	determine	the	customer’s	economic	incentive	to
exercise.	We	have	not	sold	any	vehicles	under	this	program	since	the	first	half	of	2017	and	all	current	period	activity	relates	to	the	exercise	or
cancellation	of	active	transactions.	The	amount	of	sale	proceeds	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	is	deferred	until	the	guarantee	expires	or	is
exercised.	The	remaining	sale	proceeds	are	deferred	and	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	stated	guarantee	period	to	automotive	leasing
revenue.	The	guarantee	period	expires	at	the	earlier	of	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period	or	the	pay-off	of	the	initial	loan.	We	capitalize	the	cost	of	these
vehicles	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	and	depreciate	their	value,	less	salvage	value,	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing
revenue	over	the	same	period.
In	cases	where	a	customer	retains	ownership	of	a	vehicle	at	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period,	the	resale	value	guarantee	liability	and	any
remaining	deferred	revenue	balances	related	to	the	vehicle	are	settled	to	automotive	leasing	revenue,	and	the	net	book	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	is
expensed	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.	If	a	customer	returns	the	vehicle	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	we	purchase	the	vehicle	from	the
customer	in	an	amount	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	and	settle	any	remaining	deferred	balances	to	automotive	leasing	revenue,	and	we	reclassify
the	net	book	value	of	the	vehicle	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	to	used	vehicle	inventory.
Services	and	Other	Revenue
Services	and	other	revenue	consists	of	non-warranty	after-sales	vehicle	services,	sales	of	used	vehicles,	sales	of	electric	vehicle	components	and
systems	to	other	manufacturers,	retail	merchandise,	and	sales	by	our	acquired	subsidiaries	to	third	party	customers.	There	were	no	significant	changes
to	the	timing	or	amount	of	revenue	recognition	as	a	result	of	our	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard.
Revenues	related	to	repair	and	maintenance	services	are	recognized	over	time	as	services	are	provided	and	extended	service	plans	are
recognized	over	the	performance	period	of	the	service	contract	as	the	obligation	represents	a	stand-ready	obligation	to	the	customer.	We	sell	used
vehicles,	services,	service	plans,	vehicle	components	and	merchandise	separately	and	thus	use	standalone	selling	prices	as	the	basis	for	revenue
allocation	to	the	extent	that	these	items	are	sold	in	transactions	with	other	performance	obligations.	Payment	for	used	vehicles,	services,	and
merchandise	are	typically	received	at	the	point	when	control	transfers	to	the	customer	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business.
Payments	received	for	prepaid	plans	are	refundable	upon	customer	cancellation	of	the	related	contracts	and	are	included	within	customer	deposits	on
the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Segment
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Sales
Energy	generation	and	storage	revenues	consists	of	the	sale	of	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage	systems	to	residential,	small
commercial,	and	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	customers.	Sales	of	solar	energy	systems	to	residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers
consist	of	the	engineering,	design,	and	installation	of	the	system.	Post-installation,	residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	receive	a
proprietary	monitoring	system	that	captures	and	displays	historical	energy	generation	data.	Residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	pay	the
full	purchase	price	of	the	solar	energy	system	upfront.	Revenue	for	the	design	and	installation	obligation	is	recognized	when	control	transfers,	which	is
when	we	install	a	solar	energy	system	and	the	system	passes	inspection	by	the	utility	or	the	authority	having	jurisdiction.	Revenue	for	the	monitoring
service	is	recognized	ratably	as	a	stand-ready	obligation	over	the	warranty	period	of	the	solar	energy	system.	Sales	of	energy	storage	systems	to
residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	consist	of	the	installation	of	the	energy	storage	system	and	revenue	is	recognized	when	control
transfers,	which	is	when	the	product	has	been	delivered	or,	if	we	are	performing	installation,	when	installed	and	accepted	by	the	customer.	Payment	for
such	storage	systems	is	made	upon	invoice	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business.
50	
For	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	sales	which	consist	of	the	engineering,	design,	and
installation	of	the	system,	customers	make	milestone	payments	that	are	consistent	with	contract-specific	phases	of	a	project.	Revenue	from	such
contracts	is	recognized	over	time	using	percentage	of	completion	method	based	on	cost	incurred	as	a	percentage	of	total	estimated	contract	costs.
Certain	large-scale	commercial	and	utility	grade	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	sales	also	include	operations	and	maintenance	service
which	are	negotiated	with	the	design	and	installation	contracts	and	are	thus	considered	to	be	a	combined	contract	with	the	design	and	installation
service.	For	certain	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage	systems	where	percentage	of	completion	method	does
not	apply,	revenue	is	recognized	when	control	transfers,	which	is	when	the	product	has	been	delivered	to	the	customer	for	energy	storage	systems	and
when	the	project	has	received	permission	to	operate	from	the	utility	for	solar	energy	systems.	Operations	and	maintenance	service	revenue	is
recognized	ratably	over	the	respective	contract	term.	Customer	payments	for	such	services	are	usually	paid	annually	or	quarterly	in	advance.
In	instances	where	there	are	multiple	performance	obligations	in	a	single	contract,	we	allocate	the	consideration	to	the	various	obligations	in
the	contract	based	on	the	relative	standalone	selling	price	method.	Standalone	selling	prices	are	estimated	based	on	estimated	costs	plus	margin	or
using	market	data	for	comparable	products.	Costs	incurred	on	the	sale	of	residential	installations	before	the	solar	energy	systems	are	completed	are
included	as	work	in	process	within	inventory	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	However,	any	fees	that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	solar	loan	lender
would	be	recognized	as	an	offset	against	revenue.	Costs	to	obtain	a	contract	relate	mainly	to	commissions	paid	to	our	sales	personnel	related	to	the	sale
of	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage	systems.	As	our	contract	costs	related	to	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	sales	are	typically
fulfilled	within	one	year,	the	costs	to	obtain	a	contract	are	expensed	as	incurred.
As	part	of	our	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	contracts,	we	may	provide	the	customer	with	performance	guarantees	that
warrant	that	the	underlying	system	will	meet	or	exceed	the	minimum	energy	generation	or	retention	requirements	specified	in	the	contract.	In	certain
instances,	we	may	receive	a	bonus	payment	if	the	system	performs	above	a	specified	level.	Conversely,	if	a	solar	energy	system	or	energy	storage
system	does	not	meet	the	performance	guarantee	requirements,	we	may	be	required	to	pay	liquidated	damages.	Other	forms	of	variable	consideration
related	to	our	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	contracts	include	variable	customer	payments	that	will
be	made	based	on	our	energy	market	participation	activities.	Such	guarantees	and	variable	customer	payments	represent	a	form	of	variable
consideration	and	are	estimated	at	contract	inception	at	their	most	likely	amount	and	updated	at	the	end	of	each	reporting	period	as	additional
performance	data	becomes	available.	Such	estimates	are	included	in	the	transaction	price	only	to	the	extent	that	it	is	probable	a	significant	reversal	of
revenue	will	not	occur.
We	record	as	deferred	revenue	any	non-refundable	amounts	that	are	collected	from	customers	related	to	fees	charged	for	prepayments	and
remote	monitoring	service	and	operations	and	maintenance	service,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	ratably	over	the	respective	customer	contract
term.	
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Leasing
For	revenue	arrangements	where	we	are	the	lessor	under	operating	lease	agreements	for	energy	generation	and	storage	products,	we	record
lease	revenue	from	minimum	lease	payments,	including	upfront	rebates	and	incentives	earned	from	such	systems,	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	life	of
the	lease	term,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.	The	difference	between	the	payments	received	and	the	revenue
recognized	is	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
For	solar	energy	systems	where	customers	purchase	electricity	from	us	under	PPAs,	we	have	determined	that	these	agreements	should	be
accounted	for	as	operating	leases	pursuant	to	ASC	840.	Revenue	is	recognized	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	delivered	at	rates	specified	under	the
contracts,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	met.
We	record	as	deferred	revenue	any	amounts	that	are	collected	from	customers,	including	lease	prepayments,	in	excess	of	revenue	recognized
and	operations	and	maintenance	service,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	ratably	over	the	respective	customer	contract	term.	Deferred	revenue	also
includes	the	portion	of	rebates	and	incentives	received	from	utility	companies	and	various	local	and	state	government	agencies,	which	is	recognized	as
revenue	over	the	lease	term.
51	
We	capitalize	initial	direct	costs	from	the	origination	of	solar	energy	system	leases	or	PPAs,	which	include	the	incremental	cost	of	contract
administration,	referral	fees	and	sales	commissions,	as	an	element	of	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	and	subsequently	amortize
these	costs	over	the	term	of	the	related	lease	or	PPA.
Inventory	Valuation
Inventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	net	realizable	value.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost	for	vehicles	and	energy	storage
products,	which	approximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-out	basis.	In	addition,	cost	for	solar	energy	systems	is	recorded	using	actual	cost.	We	record
inventory	write-downs	for	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	based	upon	assumptions	about	on	current	and	future	demand	forecasts.	If	our	inventory	on-
hand	is	in	excess	of	our	future	demand	forecast,	the	excess	amounts	are	written-off.
We	also	review	our	inventory	to	determine	whether	its	carrying	value	exceeds	the	net	amount	realizable	upon	the	ultimate	sale	of	the	inventory.
This	requires	us	to	determine	the	estimated	selling	price	of	our	vehicles	less	the	estimated	cost	to	convert	the	inventory	on-hand	into	a	finished	product.
Once	inventory	is	written-down,	a	new,	lower	cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do	not
result	in	the	restoration	or	increase	in	that	newly	established	cost	basis.
Should	our	estimates	of	future	selling	prices	or	production	costs	change,	additional	and	potentially	material	increases	to	this	reserve	may	be
required.	A	small	change	in	our	estimates	may	result	in	a	material	charge	to	our	reported	financial	results.
Warranties
We	provide	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	all	new	and	used	vehicles,	production	powertrain	components	and	systems	and	energy	storage
products	we	sell.	In	addition,	we	also	provide	a	warranty	on	the	installation	and	components	of	the	solar	energy	systems	we	sell	for	periods	typically
between	10	to	30	years.	We	accrue	a	warranty	reserve	for	the	products	sold	by	us,	which	includes	our	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or
replace	items	under	warranties	and	recalls	when	identified.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	to	date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,
frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.	These	estimates	are	inherently	uncertain	given	our	relatively	short	history	of	sales,	and	changes	to	our	historical
or	projected	warranty	experience	may	cause	material	changes	to	the	warranty	reserve	in	the	future.	The	warranty	reserve	does	not	include	projected
warranty	costs	associated	with	our	vehicles	subject	to	lease	accounting	and	our	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	contracts	or	PPAs,	as	the	costs	to
repair	these	warranty	claims	are	expensed	as	incurred.	The	portion	of	the	warranty	reserve	expected	to	be	incurred	within	the	next	12	months	is
included	within	accrued	liabilities	and	other	while	the	remaining	balance	is	included	within	other	long-term	liabilities	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
Due	to	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard,	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantees	that	were	previously	recorded	within	operating	lease
assets	require	a	corresponding	warranty	accrual.	Warranty	expense	is	recorded	as	a	component	of	cost	of	revenues	in	the	consolidated	statements	of
operations.
Stock-Based	Compensation
We	use	the	fair	value	method	of	accounting	for	our	stock	options	and	restricted	stock	units	(“RSUs”)	granted	to	employees	and	our	employee
stock	purchase	plan	(the	“ESPP”)	to	measure	the	cost	of	employee	services	received	in	exchange	for	the	stock-based	awards.	The	fair	value	of	stock
option	awards	with	only	service	conditions	and	ESPP	is	estimated	on	the	grant	or	offering	date	using	the	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model.	The	Black-
Scholes	option-pricing	model	requires	inputs	such	as	the	risk-free	interest	rate,	expected	term	and	expected	volatility.	These	inputs	are	subjective	and
generally	require	significant	judgment.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	our	common
stock.	The	resulting	cost	is	recognized	over	the	period	during	which	an	employee	is	required	to	provide	service	in	exchange	for	the	awards,	usually	the
vesting	period,	which	is	generally	four	years	for	stock	options	and	RSUs	and	six	months	for	the	ESPP.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized
on	a	straight-line	basis,	net	of	actual	forfeitures	in	the	period	(prior	to	2017,	net	of	estimated	projected	forfeitures).
52	
For	performance-based	awards,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	over	the	expected	performance	achievement	period	of
individual	performance	milestones	when	the	achievement	of	each	individual	performance	milestone	becomes	probable.	For	performance-based	awards
with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	and	market	conditions,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized
for	each	pair	of	performance	and	market	conditions	over	the	longer	of	the	expected	achievement	period	of	the	performance	and	market	conditions,
beginning	at	the	point	in	time	that	the	relevant	performance	condition	is	considered	probable	of	achievement.	The	fair	value	of	such	awards	is
estimated	on	the	grant	date	using	Monte	Carlo	simulations.
As	we	accumulate	additional	employee	stock-based	awards	data	over	time	and	as	we	incorporate	market	data	related	to	our	common	stock,	we
may	calculate	significantly	different	volatilities	and	expected	lives,	which	could	materially	impact	the	valuation	of	our	stock-based	awards	and	the	stock-
based	compensation	expense	that	we	will	recognize	in	future	periods.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recorded	in	cost	of	revenues,	research	and
development	expense	and	selling,	general	and	administrative	expense	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.
Income	Taxes
We	are	subject	to	federal	and	state	taxes	in	the	U.S.	and	in	many	foreign	jurisdictions.	Significant	judgment	is	required	in	determining	our
provision	for	income	taxes,	our	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	and	any	valuation	allowance	recorded	against	our	net	deferred	tax	assets.	We	make
these	estimates	and	judgments	about	our	future	taxable	income	that	are	based	on	assumptions	that	are	consistent	with	our	future	plans.	Tax	laws,
regulations,	and	administrative	practices	may	be	subject	to	change	due	to	economic	or	political	conditions	including	fundamental	changes	to	the	tax
laws	applicable	to	corporate	multinationals.	The	U.S.,	many	countries	in	the	European	Union	and	a	number	of	other	countries	are	actively	considering
changes	in	this	regard.	As	of	December	31,	2018,	we	had	recorded	a	full	valuation	allowance	on	our	net	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	because	we	expect	that
it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	our	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	will	not	be	realized	in	the	foreseeable	future.	Should	the	actual	amounts	differ	from	our
estimates,	the	amount	of	our	valuation	allowance	could	be	materially	impacted.
Furthermore,	significant	judgment	is	required	in	evaluating	our	tax	positions.	In	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	there	are	many	transactions
and	calculations	for	which	the	ultimate	tax	settlement	is	uncertain.	As	a	result,	we	recognize	the	effect	of	this	uncertainty	on	our	tax	attributes	based	on
our	estimates	of	the	eventual	outcome.	These	effects	are	recognized	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believe
that	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	We	are	required	to	file	income	tax	returns
in	the	U.S.	and	various	foreign	jurisdictions,	which	requires	us	to	interpret	the	applicable	tax	laws	and	regulations	in	effect	in	such	jurisdictions.	Such
returns	are	subject	to	audit	by	the	various	federal,	state	and	foreign	taxing	authorities,	who	may	disagree	with	respect	to	our	tax	positions.	We	believe
that	our	consideration	is	adequate	for	all	open	audit	years	based	on	our	assessment	of	many	factors,	including	past	experience	and	interpretations	of
tax	law.	We	review	and	update	our	estimates	in	light	of	changing	facts	and	circumstances,	such	as	the	closing	of	a	tax	audit,	the	lapse	of	a	statute	of
limitations	or	a	change	in	estimate.	To	the	extent	that	the	final	tax	outcome	of	these	matters	differs	from	our	expectations,	such	differences	may	impact
income	tax	expense	in	the	period	in	which	such	determination	is	made.	The	eventual	impact	on	our	income	tax	expense	depends	in	part	if	we	still	have	a
valuation	allowance	recorded	against	our	deferred	tax	assets	in	the	period	that	such	determination	is	made.
On	December	22,	2017,	the	2017	Tax	Cuts	and	Jobs	Act	(“Tax	Act”)	was	enacted	into	law	making	significant	changes	to	the	Internal	Revenue
Code.	Changes	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	a	federal	corporate	tax	rate	decrease	from	35%	to	21%	for	tax	years	beginning	after	December	31,	2017,
the	transition	of	U.S.	international	taxation	from	a	worldwide	tax	system	to	a	territorial	system	and	a	one-time	transition	tax	on	the	mandatory	deemed
repatriation	of	foreign	earnings.	We	were	required	to	recognize	the	effect	of	the	tax	law	changes	in	the	period	of	enactment,	such	as	re-measuring	our
U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	as	well	as	reassessing	the	net	realizability	of	our	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities.	The	Tax	Act	did	not	give	rise
to	any	material	impact	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	consolidated	statements	of	operations	due	to	our	historical	worldwide	loss	position	and
the	full	valuation	allowance	on	our	net	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets.
53	
In	December	2017,	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	staff	issued	Staff	Accounting	Bulletin	No.	118,	Income	Tax	Accounting
Implications	of	the	Tax	Cuts	and	Jobs	Act	(“SAB	118”),	which	allowed	us	to	record	provisional	amounts	during	a	measurement	period	not	to	extend
beyond	one	year	from	the	enactment	date.	As	such,	in	accordance	with	SAB	118,	we	completed	our	analysis	during	the	fourth	quarter	of	2018
considering	current	legislation	and	guidance	resulting	in	no	material	adjustments	from	the	provisional	amounts	recorded	during	the	prior	year.
Principles	of	Consolidation
The	consolidated	financial	statements	reflect	our	accounts	and	operations	and	those	of	our	subsidiaries	in	which	we	have	a	controlling	financial
interest.	In	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	ASC	810,	
Consolidation
,	we	consolidate	any	variable	interest	entity	(“VIE”)	of	which	we	are	the	primary
beneficiary.	We	form	VIEs	with	our	financing	fund	investors	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	in	order	to	facilitate	the	funding	and	monetization	of
certain	attributes	associated	with	our	solar	energy	systems	and	
leases	under	our	direct	vehicle	leasing	programs
.	The	typical	condition	for	a	controlling
financial	interest	ownership	is	holding	a	majority	of	the	voting	interests	of	an	entity;	however,	a	controlling	financial	interest	may	also	exist	in	entities,
such	as	VIEs,	through	arrangements	that	do	not	involve	controlling	voting	interests.	ASC	810	requires	a	variable	interest	holder	to	consolidate	a	VIE	if
that	party	has	the	power	to	direct	the	activities	of	the	VIE	that	most	significantly	impact	the	VIE’s	economic	performance	and	the	obligation	to	absorb
losses	of	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE	or	the	right	to	receive	benefits	from	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the
VIE.	We	do	not	consolidate	a	VIE	in	which	we	have	a	majority	ownership	interest	when	we	are	not	considered	the	primary	beneficiary.	We	have
determined	that	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary	of	a	number	of	VIEs.	We	evaluate	our	relationships	with	all	the	VIEs	on	an	ongoing	basis	to	ensure	that
we	continue	to	be	the	primary	beneficiary.	All	intercompany	transactions	and	balances	have	been	eliminated	upon	consolidation.
Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests
Noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	represent	third-party	interests	in	the	net	assets	under	certain	funding
arrangements,	or	funds,	that	we	enter	into	to	finance	the	costs	of	solar	energy	systems	and	vehicles	under	operating	leases.	We	have	determined	that
the	contractual	provisions	of	the	funds	represent	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements.	We	have	further	determined	that	the	appropriate
methodology	for	calculating	the	noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	that	reflects	the	substantive	profit	sharing
arrangements	is	a	balance	sheet	approach	using	the	hypothetical	liquidation	at	book	value	(“HLBV”)	method.	We,	therefore,	determine	the	amount	of
the	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	at	each	balance	sheet	date	using	the	HLBV	method,
which	is	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries.
Under	the	HLBV	method,	the	amounts	reported	as	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheet
represent	the	amounts	the	third-parties	would	hypothetically	receive	at	each	balance	sheet	date	under	the	liquidation	provisions	of	the	funds,	assuming
the	net	assets	of	the	funds	were	liquidated	at	their	recorded	amounts	determined	in	accordance	with	GAAP	and	with	tax	laws	effective	at	the	balance
sheet	date	and	distributed	to	the	third-parties.	The	third-parties’	interests	in	the	results	of	operations	of	the	funds	are	determined	as	the	difference	in
the	noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	between	the	start	and	end	of	each
reporting	period,	after	taking	into	account	any	capital	transactions	between	the	funds	and	the	third-parties.	However,	the	redeemable	noncontrolling
interest	balance	is	at	least	equal	to	the	redemption	amount.	The	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	presented	as	temporary	equity	in	the
mezzanine	section	of	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	since	these	third-parties	have	the	right	to	redeem	their	interests	in	the	funds	for	cash	or	other
assets.
54	
Business	Combinations
We	account	for	business	acquisitions	under	ASC	805,	
Business	Combinations
.	The	total	purchase	consideration	for	an	acquisition	is	measured	as
the	fair	value	of	the	assets	given,	equity	instruments	issued	and	liabilities	assumed	at	the	acquisition	date.	Costs	that	are	directly	attributable	to	the
acquisition	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Identifiable	assets	(including	intangible	assets),	liabilities	assumed	(including	contingent	liabilities)	and
noncontrolling	interests	in	an	acquisition	are	measured	initially	at	their	fair	values	at	the	acquisition	date.	We	recognize	goodwill	if	the	fair	value	of	the
total	purchase	consideration	and	any	noncontrolling	interests	is	in	excess	of	the	net	fair	value	of	the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities
assumed.	We	recognize	a	bargain	purchase	gain	within	other	income	(expense),	net,	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	if	the	net	fair	value	of
the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed	is	in	excess	of	the	fair	value	of	the	total	purchase	consideration	and	any	noncontrolling
interests.	We	include	the	results	of	operations	of	the	acquired	business	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	beginning	on	the	acquisition	date.
When	determining	such	fair	values,	we	make	significant	estimates	and	assumptions.	Critical	estimates	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	future
expected	cash	flows	from	the	underlying	assets	and	discount	rates.	Our	estimate	of	fair	values	is	based	on	assumptions	believed	to	be	reasonable	but
that	are	inherently	uncertain	and	unpredictable.	As	a	result,	actual	results	may	differ	from	our	estimates.	Furthermore,	our	estimates	might	change	as
additional	information	becomes	available,	as	more	fully	discussed	in	Note	3,	
Business	Combinations
,	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on
Form	10-K.
	
	
Results	of	Operations
Revenues
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
2018	vs.	2017	Change
	
	
2017	vs.	2016	Change
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Automotive	sales
	
$
17,631,522
	
	
$
8,534,752
	
	
$
5,589,007
	
	
$
9,096,770
	
	
	
107
%
	
$
2,945,745
	
	
	
53
%
Automotive	leasing
	
	
883,461
	
	
	
1,106,548
	
	
	
761,759
	
	
	
(223,087
)
	
	
-20
%
	
	
344,789
	
	
	
45
%
Total	automotive	revenues
	
	
18,514,983
	
	
	
9,641,300
	
	
	
6,350,766
	
	
	
8,873,683
	
	
	
92
%
	
	
3,290,534
	
	
	
52
%
Services	and	other
	
	
1,391,041
	
	
	
1,001,185
	
	
	
467,972
	
	
	
389,856
	
	
	
39
%
	
	
533,213
	
	
	
114
%
Total	automotive	&	services
			and	other	segment	revenue
	
	
19,906,024
	
	
	
10,642,485
	
	
	
6,818,738
	
	
	
9,263,539
	
	
	
87
%
	
	
3,823,747
	
	
	
56
%
Energy	generation	and	storage
			segment	revenue
	
	
1,555,244
	
	
	
1,116,266
	
	
	
181,394
	
	
	
438,978
	
	
	
39
%
	
	
934,872
	
	
	
515
%
Total	revenues
	
$
21,461,268
	
	
$
11,758,751
	
	
$
7,000,132
	
	
$
9,702,517
	
	
	
83
%
	
$
4,758,619
	
	
	
68
%
	
Automotive	&	Services	and	Other	Segment
Automotive	sales	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	sale	of	new	Model	S,	Model	X	and	Model	3	vehicles,	including	access	to	our
Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity,	Autopilot,	full	self-driving	and	over-the-air	software	updates,	as	well	as	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other
automotive	manufacturers.	Our	revenue	from	non-ZEV	regulatory	credits	generally	follows	our	production	and	delivery	trends	as	we	have	long-term
contracts	with	existing	customers	for	the	sale	of	these	credits.	However,	as	we	do	not	have	long-term	contracts	for	ZEV	credit	sales,	revenue	from	sale
of	ZEV	credits	fluctuate	by	quarter	depending	on	when	a	contract	is	executed	with	a	buyer.	For	example,	our	revenue	from	ZEV	credit	sales	in	the	three
months	ended	December	31,	2017	was	$179.1	million	while	it	was	$0	in	the	three	months	ended	June	30,	2018.
Automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	the	amortization	of	revenue	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	vehicles	under	direct	lease	agreements	as	well	as
those	sold	with	resale	value	guarantees	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	under	lease	accounting.	We	do	not	yet	offer	leasing	for	Model	3	vehicles.
Services	and	other	revenue	consists	of	non-warranty	after-sales	vehicle	services,	sales	of	used	vehicles,	sales	of	electric	vehicle	components	and
systems	to	other	manufacturers,	retail	merchandise,	and	sales	by	our	acquired	subsidiaries	to	third	party	customers.
55	
2018	Compared	to	2017
Automotive	sales	revenue	increased	$9.10	billion,	or	107%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,
2017,	primarily	due	to	
an	increase	of	approximately	144,330	Model	3	deliveries	from	our	significant	production	
ramp	in	the	year	ended	December	31,
2018,	delivered	at	average	selling	prices	that	remained	relatively	consistent	year-over-year.	Additionally,	we	recognized	$1.40	billion	of	additional
automotive	sales	revenue	due	to	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard	and	an	increase	of	$58.3	million	in	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	$418.6
million	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018.	ZEV	credits	sales	were	$103.4	million	and	non-ZEV	regulatory	credits	sales	were	$315.2	million	in	the
year	ended	December	31,	2018,	compared	to	$279.7	million	ZEV	credit	sales	and	$80.6	million	in	non-ZEV	regulatory	credit	sales	in	the	year	ended
December	31,	2017.	The	growth	in	non-ZEV	regulatory	credits	year-over-year	was	generally	consistent	with	the	delivery	volume	growth.	The	above
increases	in	revenue	were	offset	by	a	decrease	of	approximately	3,240	Model	S	and	Model	X	deliveries	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,
excluding	the	impact	of	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard,	at	average	selling	prices	that	remained	relatively	consistent	as	compared	to	the	year
ended	December	31,	2017.
Automotive	leasing	revenue	decreased	$223.1	million,	or	20%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	as	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2017.	The	decrease	was	primarily	due	to	a	downward	adjustment	of	$832.7	million	from	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard,
partially	offset	by	an	increase	in	cumulative	vehicles	under	our	direct	vehicle	leasing	program	and	an	increase	in	the	number	of	vehicles	under	leasing
programs	where	our	counterparty	has	retained	ownership	of	the	vehicle	during	or	at	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period	when	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2017.	When	our	counterparty	retains	ownership,	any	remaining	balances	within	deferred	revenue	and	resale	value	guarantee	are	settled
to	automotive	leasing	revenue.
Services	and	other	revenue	increased	$389.9	million,	or	39%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	as	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2017.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	an	increase	in	used	vehicle	sales	from	an	increased	volume	of	trade-in	vehicles,	partially	offset
by	lower	average	selling	prices	for	used	vehicles	sales	due	to	an	increase	in	trade-ins	of	relatively	lower	priced	non-Tesla	vehicles	in	the	year	ended
December	31,	2018.	Additionally,	there	was	an	increase	in	non-warranty	maintenance	services	revenue	as	our	fleet	continues	to	grow.	These	increases
were	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	in	powertrain	sales	to	another	automobile	manufacturer	as	we	wound	down	the	program	in	2017.
2017	Compared	to	2016
Automotive	sales	revenue	increased	$2.95	billion,	or	53%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,
2016,	primarily	related	to	a	58%	increase	in	deliveries	to	80,060	vehicles	resulting	from	increased	sales	of	Model	S	and	Model	X,	at	average	selling
prices	that	remained	relatively	consistent	as	compared	to	the	prior	period,	as	well	as	sales	of	1,764	Model	3	vehicles	since	its	launch	in	the	third	quarter
of	2017.	Additionally,	sales
	of	regulatory	credits	increased	by	$58.0	million	to	$360.3	million	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.	ZEV	credits	sales
were	$279.7	million	and	non-ZEV	regulatory	credits	sales	were	$80.6	million	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017,	compared	to	$215.4	million	ZEV
credit	sales	and	$86.9	million	in	non-ZEV	regulatory	credit	sales	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	The	increases	were	partially	
offset	by	additional
deferrals	of	Autopilot	2.0	revenue	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.
Automotive	leasing	revenue	increased	$344.8	million,	or	45%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,
2016.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	an	approximately	30%	increase	in	the	number	of	vehicles	under	leasing	programs	or	programs	with	a	resale
value	guarantee	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	In	addition,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017,	we	recognized	an	increase	of
$23.4	million	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	upon	early	payoff	and	expiration	of	resale	value	guarantees	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,
2016.
Service	and	other	revenue	increased	$533.2	million,	or	114%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,
2016.	This	was	primarily	due	to	an	increase	in	used	vehicle	sales	as	a	result	of	increased	automotive	sales	as	well	as	from	the	expansion	of	our	trade-in
program.	Additionally,	there	was	a	$41.1	million	increase	from	the	inclusion	of	engineering	service	revenue	from	Grohmann	Engineering	GmbH	(now
Tesla	Grohmann	Automation	GmbH,	which	we	acquired	on	January	3,	2017,	and	a	$68.4	million	increase	in	non-warranty	maintenance	services	revenue
as	our	fleet	continued	to	grow	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.
56	
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Segment
Energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	includes	sale	of	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage	products,	leasing	revenue	from	solar	energy
systems	under	operating	leases	and	PPAs	and	the	sale	of	solar	energy	systems	incentives.
2018	Compared	to	2017
Energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	increased	by	$439.0	million,	or	39%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	as	compared	to	the	year
ended	December	31,	2017.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	increases	in	deployments	of	Powerpack,	Powerwall,	and	cash	and	loan	solar	energy
systems	projects.	The	increase	in	Powerpack	revenue	was	significant	year-over-year	due	to	increases	in	revenue	recognized	for	commercial	projects,
most	predominantly	$81.2	million	for	the	South	Australia	battery	project.	Additionally,	we	increased	Powerwall	production	in	the	year	ended	December
31,	2018,	which	helped	us	to	continue	to	work	through	our	energy	storage	order	backlog.
2017	Compared	to	2016
Energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	increased	by	$934.9	million,	or	515%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year
ended	December	31,	2016,	predominantly	due	to	the	inclusion	of	the	full-year	of	revenue	from	our	solar	business,	which	we	gained	by	acquiring
SolarCity	on	November	21,	2016.
Cost	of	Revenues	and	Gross	Margin
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
2018	vs.	2017	Change
	
	
2017	vs.	2016	Change
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Cost	of	revenues
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive	sales
	
$
13,685,572
	
	
$
6,724,480
	
	
$
4,268,087
	
	
$
6,961,092
	
	
	
104
%
	
$
2,456,393
	
	
	
58
%
Automotive	leasing
	
	
488,425
	
	
	
708,224
	
	
	
481,994
	
	
	
(219,799
)
	
	
-31
%
	
	
226,230
	
	
	
47
%
Total	automotive	cost
			of	revenues
	
	
14,173,997
	
	
	
7,432,704
	
	
	
4,750,081
	
	
	
6,741,293
	
	
	
91
%
	
	
2,682,623
	
	
	
56
%
Services	and	other
	
	
1,880,354
	
	
	
1,229,022
	
	
	
472,462
	
	
	
651,332
	
	
	
53
%
	
	
756,560
	
	
	
160
%
Total	automotive	&
			services	and	other
			segment	cost	of
			revenues
	
	
16,054,351
	
	
	
8,661,726
	
	
	
5,222,543
	
	
	
7,392,625
	
	
	
85
%
	
	
3,439,183
	
	
	
66
%
Energy	generation	and
			storage	segment
	
	
1,364,896
	
	
	
874,538
	
	
	
178,332
	
	
	
490,358
	
	
	
56
%
	
	
696,206
	
	
	
390
%
Total	cost	of	revenues
	
$
17,419,247
	
	
$
9,536,264
	
	
$
5,400,875
	
	
$
7,882,983
	
	
	
83
%
	
$
4,135,389
	
	
	
77
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	profit	total	automotive
	
$
4,340,986
	
	
$
2,208,596
	
	
$
1,600,685
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	margin	total	automotive
	
	
23
%
	
	
23
%
	
	
25
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	profit	total	automotive	&
			services	and	other	segment
	
$
3,851,673
	
	
$
1,980,759
	
	
$
1,596,195
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	margin	total	automotive	&
			services	and	other	segment
	
	
19
%
	
	
19
%
	
	
23
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	profit	energy	generation
			and	storage	segment
	
$
190,348
	
	
$
241,728
	
	
$
3,062
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Gross	margin	energy	generation
			and	storage	segment
	
	
12
%
	
	
22
%
	
	
2
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	gross	profit
	
$
4,042,021
	
	
$
2,222,487
	
	
$
1,599,257
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	gross	margin
	
	
19
%
	
	
19
%
	
	
23
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
57	
	
Automotive	&	Services	and	Other	Segment
Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead,	including	depreciation	costs	of
tooling	and	machinery,	shipping	and	logistic	costs,	vehicle	connectivity	costs,	allocations	of	electricity	and	infrastructure	costs	related	to	our
Supercharger	network,	and	reserves	for	estimated	warranty	expenses.	Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenues	also	includes	adjustments	to	warranty	expense
and	charges	to	write	down	the	carrying	value	of	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	obsolete	and	on-
hand	inventory	in	excess	of	forecasted	demand.
Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	primarily	the	amortization	of	operating	lease	vehicles	over	the	lease	term,	as	well	as	warranty
expenses	recognized	as	incurred.	Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	also	includes	vehicle	connectivity	costs	and	allocations	of	electricity	and
infrastructure	costs	related	to	our	Supercharger	network	for	vehicles	under	our	leasing	programs.
Costs	of	services	and	other	revenue	includes	costs	associated	with	providing	non-warranty	after-sales	
services
,	costs	to	acquire	and	certify	used
vehicles,	and	costs	for	retail	merchandise.	Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	also	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing
overhead	associated	with	the	sales	of	electric	vehicle	components	and	systems	to	other	manufacturers	and	sales	by	our	acquired	subsidiaries	to	third
party	customers.
2018	Compared	to	2017
Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	increased	$6.96	billion,	or	104%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	as	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2017.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	a	significantly	higher	volume	of	Model	3	vehicles	deliveries	in	2018	and	the	recognition	of
$969.8	million	of	additional	cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	due	to	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard.	These	increases	were	partially	offset	by
significant	reductions	in	Model	3	average	costs	per	unit	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	primarily	due	to	temporary	under-utilization	of
manufacturing	capacity	at	lower	production	volumes	in	2017	and	other	cost	efficiencies.	Additionally,	there	were	lower	overall	costs	for	Model	S	and
Model	X	cash	deliveries	from	approximately	3,240	fewer	units	delivered	year-over-year	and	reductions	in	combined	Model	S	and	Model	X	average	costs
per	unit	as	a	result	of	increased	manufacturing	efficiencies.
Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	decreased	$219.8	million,	or	31%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2017.	The	decrease	was	primarily	due	to	a	downward	adjustment	of	$624.4	million	from	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard,
partially	offset	by	increased	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	from	an	increase	in	cumulative	vehicles	under	our	direct	vehicle	leasing	program	and	an
increase	in	the	number	of	vehicles	under	leasing	programs	where	our	counterparty	has	retained	ownership	of	the	vehicle	during	or	at	the	end	of	the
guarantee	period	when	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.	When	our	counterparty	retains	ownership,	the	net	book	value	of	the	leased
vehicle	of	the	lease	vehicle	is	expensed	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.
Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	increased	$651.3	million,	or	53%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	as	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2017.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	the	increase	in	the	cost	of	our	new	service	centers,	additional	service	personnel	in	existing	and
new	service	centers,	Mobile	Service	capabilities,	parts	distribution	centers	and	investment	in	new	body	shops	to	provide	maintenance	services	to	our
rapidly	growing	fleet	of	vehicles.	Additionally,	there	was	an	overall	increase	in	the	cost	of	used	vehicle	sales	from	the	increased	volume	of	relatively
lower	priced	non-Tesla	trade-in	vehicles.	These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	in	cost	of	powertrain	sales	to	another	automobile
manufacturer	as	we	wound	down	the	program	in	2017.
58	
Gross	
margin
	for	total	automotive	remained	relatively	consistent	at	23%	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018	and	2017.	
There	were	increases
from	improved	Model	S	and	Model	X	combined	margins	as	costs	per	unit	decreased	year-over-year	from	continuing	manufacturing	efficiencies	and	an
increase	in	regulatory	credits	sales,	which	have	no	associated	costs.	The	increases	were	partially	offset	by	margin	dilution	from	Model	3	despite	Model
3	margins	improving	year-over-year.	The	higher	proportion	of	Model	3	as	a	percentage	of	our	total	automotive	sales	in	the	year	ended	December	31,
2018	lowered	our	overall	gross	margin	for	total	automotive	as	Model	3	had	a	lower	annualized	margin	than	Model	S	and	Model	X	due	to	temporary
under-utilization	of	manufacturing	capacity	at	lower	production	volumes	in	the	first	half	of	2018	and	as	we	have	yet	to	achieve	significant
manufacturing	efficiencies	in	the	production	of	Model	3.
Gross	margin	for	total	automotive	&	services	and	other	segment	remained	relatively	consistent	at	19%	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018
and	2017	primarily	due	to	the	automotive	gross	margin	impacts	discussed	above.	Services	and	other	has	historically	operated	at	lower	margins	than	our
automotive	sales	and	leasing	business	but	has	a	small	impact	on	the	overall	segment	margin	because	of	its	relatively	small	revenue	base.
2017	Compared	to	2016
Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenues	increased	$2.46	billion,	or	58%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016.	This	was	primarily	due	to	a	58%	increase	in	vehicle	deliveries	resulting	from	increased	sales	of	Model	S	and	Model	X,	as	well	as	the
commencement	of	deliveries	of	Model	3	in	the	third	quarter	of	2017.
Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	increased	$226.2	million,	or	47%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016.	This	was	primarily	due	to	an	approximately	30%	increase	in	the	number	of	vehicles	under	leasing	programs	or	programs	with	a
resale	value	guarantee	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	In	addition,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017,	we	recognized	an
increase	of	$23.4	million	in	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	upon	early	payoff	and	the	expiration	of	resale	value	guarantees.
Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	increased	$756.6	million,	or	160%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016,	primarily	due	to	the	increase	in	cost	of	used	vehicle	sales	due	to	increased	volume	and	the	increase	in	cost	to	provide	maintenance
services	as	our	fleet	continues	to	grow.
Gross	margin	for	total	automotive	decreased	from	25%	to	23%	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,
2016.	The	commencement	of	deliveries	of	Model	3	in	the	third	quarter	of	2017	whereby	the	full	operating	costs	and	depreciation	were	recorded	at
much	lower	production	volumes	as	production	ramps	and	increases	in	early	payoffs	and	expirations	of	resale	value	guarantees	year-over-year
contributed	to	the	lower	gross	margin.	Lower	material	and	manufacturing	costs	for	Model	S	and	Model	X,	as	we	further	improved	our	vehicle
production	processes	and	the	partial	recognition	of	autopilot	2.0	revenue	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	partially	offset	the	overall	decrease.
Gross	margin	for	total	automotive	&	services	and	other	segment	decreased	from	23%	to	19%	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to
the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	These	decreases	are	driven	by	the	factors	impacting	gross	margin	for	total	automotive,	as	explained	above,	as	well
as	higher	costs	of	maintenance	service.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Segment
Cost	of	
energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	includes	direct	and	indirect	material	and	labor	costs,	warehouse	rent,	freight,	warranty	expense,
other	overhead	costs	and	amortization	of	certain	acquired	intangible	assets.	In	addition,	where	arrangements	are	accounted	for	as	operating	leases,	the
cost	of	revenue	is	primarily	comprised	of	depreciation	of	the	cost	of	leased	solar	energy	systems,	maintenance	costs	associated	with	those	systems	and
amortization	of	any	initial	direct	costs.
59	
2018	Compared	to	2017
Cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	increased	by	$490.4	million,	or	56%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	as	compared	to	the
year	ended	December	31,	2017	primarily	due	to	increases	in	deployments	of	Powerpack,	Powerwall,	and	cash	and	loan	solar	energy	system	projects.
The	increase	in	Powerpack	cost	of	revenue	was	significant	year-over-year	due	to	increases	in	cost	of	revenue	recognized	for	commercial	projects,	most
predominantly	$72.5	million	for	the	South	Australia	battery	project.	Additionally,	costs	for	cash	and	loan	solar	energy	system	projects	have	increased
from	higher	installation	costs,	higher	allocation	of	overhead	costs	from	lower	deployment	of	solar	projects	overall,	and	certain	warranty	related	one-
time	charges.	There	were	also	higher	costs	for	our	solar	energy	system	leasing	arrangements	due	to	impairment	charges	and	higher	costs	from
temporary	manufacturing	under-utilization	of	our	Solar	Roof	ramp.
Gross	margin	
for
	energy	generation	and	storage	decreased	from	22%	to	12%	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2017.	The	decrease	was	primarily	due	to	the	higher	proportion	of	energy	storage	of	our	overall	energy	generation	and	storage	portfolio,
due	to	a	three-fold	growth	of	MWh	of	energy	storage	deployments	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018.	Although	energy	storage	margins	have
improved	significantly	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017,	it	continues	to	operate	at	a	lower	margin	than	our	solar	business,	thereby
having	a	greater	dilutive	impact	on	our	gross	margin	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018.	Additionally,	increases	in	costs	for	our	cash	and	loan	solar
energy	system	projects,	impairment	charges	on	solar	energy	system	leasing	arrangements,	and	temporary	manufacturing	under-utilization	of	our	Solar
Roof	ramp	have	further	contributed	to	the	decrease	in	gross	margin.
2017	Compared	to	2016
Cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	increased	by	$696.2	million,	or	390%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the
year	ended	December	31,	2016.	This	was	primarily	due	to	the	inclusion	of	the	full-year	of	costs	from	our	solar	business,	which	we	gained	by	acquiring
SolarCity	on	November	21,	2016.
Gross	margin	for	energy	generation	and	storage	increased	from	2%	to	22%	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016.	This	was	predominantly	due	to	the	inclusion	of	the	full-year	of	revenue	and	costs	from	our	solar	business,	which	we	gained	by
acquiring	SolarCity.
Research	and	Development	Expense
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
2018	vs.	2017	Change
	
	
2017	vs.	2016	Change
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Research	and	development
	
$
1,460,370
	
	
$
1,378,073
	
	
$
834,408
	
	
$
82,297
	
	
	
6
%
	
$
543,665
	
	
	
65
%
As	a	percentage	of	revenues
	
	
7
%
	
	
12
%
	
	
12
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Research	and	development	(“R&D”)	expenses	consist	primarily	of	personnel	costs	for	our	teams	in	engineering	and	research,	manufacturing
engineering	and	manufacturing	test	organizations,	prototyping	expense,	contract	and	professional	services	and	amortized	equipment	expense.
R&D	expenses	increased	$82.3	million,	or	6%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.	This
increase	was	primarily	due	to	an	$84.2	million	increase	in	employee	and	labor	related	expenses	from	headcount	growth	to	support	our	business
expansion	and	$45.2	million	increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	an	increase	in	headcount	and	number	of	employee	stock	awards
granted	for	new	hire	and	refresher	employee	stock	grants.	Additionally,	there	was	an	increase	of	$16.0	million	in	facilities,	freight,	and	depreciation
expenses	due	to	business	expansion,	offset	by	a	$69.7	million	decrease	in	expensed	materials	as	there	were	higher	costs	in	the	year	ended	December
31,	2017	primarily	related	to	Model	3	development.
60	
R&D	expenses	increased	$543.7	million,	or	65%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.
This	increase	was	primarily	due	to	a	$274.9	million	increase	in	employee	and	labor	related	expenses	from	increased	headcount	as	a	result	of	our
acquisitions	as	well	as	headcount	growth	from	the	expansion	of	our	automotive	and	energy	generation	and	storage	businesses,	and	a	$44.3	million
increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	an	increase	in	headcount	and	number	of	employee	stock	awards	granted	for	new	hire	and
refresher	employee	stock	grants.	Additionally,	there	were	increases	in	facilities	expenses,	depreciation	expenses,	professional	and	outside	service
expenses	and	expensed	materials	to	support	the	development	of	future	products.
Selling,	General	and	Administrative	Expense
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
2018	vs.	2017	Change
	
	
2017	vs.	2016	Change
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Selling,	general	and
			administrative
	
$
2,834,491
	
	
$
2,476,500
	
	
$
1,432,189
	
	
$
357,991
	
	
	
14
%
	
$
1,044,311
	
	
	
73
%
As	a	percentage	of	revenues
	
	
13
%
	
	
21
%
	
	
20
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Selling,	general	and	administrative	(“SG&A”)	expenses	generally	consist	of	personnel	and	facilities	costs	related	to	our	stores,	marketing,	sales,
executive,	finance,	human	resources,	information	technology	and	legal	organizations,	as	well	as	fees	for	professional	and	contract	services	and	litigation
settlements.
SG&A	expenses	increased	$358.0	million,	or	14%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.
The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	a	$193.1	million	increase	in	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	and
stock	awards	granted	for	new	hires	and	refresher	employee	stock	grants.	Additionally,	there	was	a	$153.9	million	increase	in	office,	information
technology	and	facilities-related	expenses	and	sales	and	marketing	activities	to	support	our	business	expansion.
SG&A	expenses	increased	$1.04	billion,	or	73%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	This
increase	was	primarily	due	to	a	$524.0	million	increase	in	employee	and	labor	related	expenses	from	increased	headcount	as	a	result	of	our	acquisitions
as	well	as	headcount	growth	from	the	expansion	of	our	automotive	and	energy	generation	and	storage	businesses,	and	a	$64.9	million	increase	in	stock-
based	compensation	expense	related	to	an	increase	in	headcount	and	number	of	employee	stock	awards	granted	for	new	hire	and	refresher	employee
stock	grants.	Additionally,	the	increase	was	due	to	a	$310.6	million	increase	in	office,	information	technology	and	facilities-related	expenses	to	support
the	growth	of	our	business	as	well	as	sales	and	marketing	activities	to	handle	our	expanding	market	presence	and	a	$140.6	million	increase	in
professional	and	outside	service	expenses	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business.
Restructuring	and	other
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
2018	vs.	2017	Change
	
2017	vs.	2016	Change
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
$
	
	
%
Restructuring	and	other
	
$
135,233
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
135,233
	
	
N/A
	
$
—
	
	
N/A
As	a	percentage	of	revenues
	
	
1
%
	
	
0
%
	
	
0
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
During	2018,	we	carried	out	certain	restructuring	actions	in	order	to	reduce	costs	and	improve	efficiency	and	recognized	$36.6	million	of
employee	termination	expenses	and	estimated	losses	from	sub-leasing	a	certain	facility.	The	employee	termination	cash	expenses	of	$27.3	million	were
substantially	paid	by	the	end	of	2018,	while	the	remaining	amounts	were	non-cash.	Also	included	within	restructuring	and	other	activities	was	$55.2
million	of	expenses	(materially	all	of	which	were	non-cash)	from	restructuring	the	energy	generation	and	storage	segment,	which	comprised	of	disposals
of	certain	tangible	assets,	the	shortening	of	the	useful	life	of	a	trade	name	intangible	asset	and	a	contract	termination	penalty.	In	addition,	we
concluded	that	a	small	portion	of	the	
in-process	research	and	development	
asset	is	not	commercially	feasible.	Consequently,	we	recognized	an
impairment	loss	of	$13.3	million.
61	
In	October	2018,	a	final	court	order	was	entered	approving	the	terms	of	a	settlement	in	connection	with	the	SEC’s	legal	actions	relating	to	Elon
Musk’s	prior	consideration	during	the	third	quarter	of	2018	of	a	take-private	proposal	for	Tesla.	Consequently,	we	recognized	settlement	and	legal
expenses	of	$30.1	million	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018.	These	expenses	were	substantially	paid	by	the	end	of	2018.
There	were	no	restructuring	actions	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017	and	2016.
Interest	Expense
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
2018	vs.	2017	Change
	
	
2017	vs.	2016	Change
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Interest	expense
	
$
(663,071
)
	
$
(471,259
)
	
$
(198,810
)
	
$
(191,812
)
	
	
41
%
	
$
(272,449
)
	
	
137
%
As	a	percentage	of	revenues
	
	
3
%
	
	
4
%
	
	
3
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Interest	expense	increased	by	$191.8	million,	or	41%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.
The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	an	increase	in	our	average	outstanding	indebtedness	at	relatively	consistent	weighted	average	interest	rates	as
compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.	Additionally,	there	was	a	decrease	of	$70.0	million	in	the	amount	of	interest	we	capitalized	from	the
consolidated	statement	of	operations	to	property,	plant,	and	equipment	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	Lower	capitalization	results	in	higher
interest	expense.	The	amount	of	interest	we	capitalize	is	driven	by	our	construction	in	progress	balance,	which	decreased	year-over-year	due	to
significant	Model	3	capital	expenditure	ramp	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.
Interest	expense	increased	by	$272.4	million,	or	137%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,
2016.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	the	inclusion	of	the	full-year	of	interest	expense	from	SolarCity	of	$185.5	million	for	the	year	ended	December
31,	2017.	In	addition,	our	average	outstanding	indebtedness	has	increased	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	as	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016	mainly	due	to	the	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2022	and	the	Senior	Notes	due	in	2025,	both	of	which	we	issued	during	2017.
Other	Income	(Expense),	Net
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
2018	vs.	2017	Change
	
2017	vs.	2016	Change
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
$
	
	
%
Other
	
income	(expense),	net
	
$
21,866
	
	
$
(125,373
)
	
$
111,272
	
	
$
147,239
	
	
Not
meaningful
	
$
(236,645
)
	
Not
meaningful
As	a	percentage	of	revenues
	
	
0
%
	
	
-1
%
	
	
2
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Other	income	(expense),	net,	consists	primarily	of	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	related	to	our	foreign	currency-denominated	monetary
assets	and	liabilities	and	changes	in	the	fair	values	of	our	fixed-for-floating	interest	rate	swaps.	We	expect	our	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	will
vary	depending	upon	movements	in	the	underlying	exchange	rates.
Other	income	(expense),	net,	changed	favorably	by	$147.2	million	to	a	gain	of	$21.9	million	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	from	a	loss	of
$125.4	million	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.	The	change	was	primarily	due	to	favorable	fluctuations	in	foreign	currency	exchange	rates	and
gains	from	interest	rate	swaps	related	to	our	debt	facilities	year-over-year.	Additionally,	we	had	$57.7	million	of	losses	in	the	year	ended	December	31,
2017	for	measurement	period	adjustments	to	the	acquisition	date	fair	values	of	certain	SolarCity	liabilities	as	previously	reported	in	our	Annual	Report
on	Form	10-K	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	with	no	corresponding	expense	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018.
Other	income	(expense),	net,	changed	unfavorably	by	$236.7	million	to	a	loss	of	$125.4	million	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	from	a
gain	of	$111.3	million	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.	The	decrease	was	primarily	due	to	$57.7	million	of	losses	in	the	year	ended	December	31,
2017	for	measurement	period	adjustments	to	the	acquisition	date	fair	value	of	SolarCity	and	fluctuations	in	foreign	currency	exchange	rates.
62	
Provision	for	Income	Taxes
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
2018	vs.	2017	Change
	
	
2017	vs.	2016	Change
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Provision	for	income	taxes
	
$
57,837
	
	
$
31,546
	
	
$
26,698
	
	
$
26,291
	
	
	
83
%
	
$
4,848
	
	
	
18
%
Effective	tax	rate
	
	
-6
%
	
	
-1
%
	
	
-4
%
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Our	provision	for	income	taxes	increased	by	$26.3	million,	or	83%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	as	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2017.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	the	increase	in	taxable	profits	in	certain	foreign	jurisdictions	year-over-year.
Our	provision	for	income	taxes	increased	by	$4.9	million,	or	18%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	as	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016.	This	increase	was	primarily	due	to	the	increase	in	vehicle	deliveries	in	foreign	tax	jurisdictions,	partially	offset	by	$10.5	million	of
future	U.S.	alternative	minimum	tax	refunds	as	a	result	of	the	Tax	Act,	which	previously	had	an	associated	valuation	allowance.
Net	Income	(Loss)	Attributable	to	Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
2018	vs.	2017	Change
	
	
2017	vs.	2016	Change
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
	
$
	
	
%
	
Net	loss	attributable	to
			noncontrolling	interests	and
			redeemable	noncontrolling
			interests	in	subsidiaries
	
$
(86,491
)
	
$
(279,178
)
	
$
(98,132
)
	
$
192,687
	
	
	
-69
%
	
$
(181,046
)
	
	
184
%
	
Our	net	income	(loss)	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	was	related	to	financing	fund
arrangements.
Liquidity	and	Capital	Resources
As	of	December	31,	2018,	we	had	$3.69	billion	of	cash	and	cash	equivalents.	Balances	held	in	foreign	currencies	had	a	U.S.	dollar	equivalent	of
$749.0	million	and	consisted	primarily	of	Chinese	yuan,	euros	and	Japanese	yen.	Our	sources	of	cash	are	predominately	from	our	deliveries	of	vehicles,
sales	and	installations	of	our	energy	storage	products	and	solar	energy	systems,	proceeds	from	debt	facilities,	proceeds	from	financing	funds	and
proceeds	from	equity	offerings.
Our	sources	of	liquidity	and	cash	flows	enable	us	to	fund	ongoing	operations,	research	and	development	projects	for	new	products,	increases	in
Model	3	production	capacity	at	the	Tesla	Factory,	the	establishment	of	Model	3	production	capacity	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai,	the	continued	expansion
of	Gigafactory	1,	the	addition	of	manufacturing	capacity	for	Model	Y	with	the	expectation	to	achieve	volume	production	by	the	end	of	2020,	and	the
continued	expansion	of	our	retail	and	service	locations,	body	shops,	Mobile	Service	fleet	and	Supercharger	network.	We	currently	expect	total	2019
capital	expenditures	to	be	approximately	$2.5	billion.
63	
In	2019
,	we	will	continue	to	utilize	our	increasing	experience	and	learnings	from	past	and	current	product	ramps	to	do	so	at	a	level	of	capital
efficiency	per	dollar	of	spend	that	we	expect	to	be	significantly	greater	than	historical	levels.	
For	example,	based	on	our	experience	with	ramping	Model
3	at	the	Tesla	Factory,	we	expect	that	the	capital	spend	per	unit	of	Model	3	manufacturing	capacity	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai	will	be	less	than	that	of	our
line	in	Fremont.	Likewise,	based	on	such	experience	and	the	substantial	commonality	of	components	we	expect	between	Model	Y	and	Model	3,	we
believe	that	the	production	ramp	of	Model	Y	will	be	significantly	faster	than	that	of	Model	3	and	cost	less	per	unit	of	manufacturing	capacity	than	that	of
Model	3	at	Fremont.
	Considering	the	pipeline	of	new	products	planned	at	this	point,	and	consistent	with	our	current	strategy	of	using	a	partner	to
manufacture	cells,	as	well	as	considering	all	other	infrastructure	growth	and	expansion	of	
Gigafactory
	1,	
Gigafactory	2
	and	
Gigafactory	Shanghai
,	we
currently	estimate	that	capital	expenditures	will	be	between	$2.5	to	$3.0	billion	annually	for	the	next	two	fiscal	years.
		
Moreover,	we	expect	that	the
cash	we	generate	from	our	core	operations	will	generally	be	sufficient	to	cover	our	future	capital	expenditures	and	to	pay	down	our	near-term	debt
obligations		(including	the	repayment	of	$920.0	million	for	our	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	on	March	1,	2019),	although	we	may	choose	to	seek
alternative	financing	sources.	For	example,	we	expect	that	much	of	our	investment	in	Gigafactory	Shanghai	will	be	funded	through	indebtedness
arranged	through	local	financial	institutions	in	China.	As	always,	we	continually	evaluate	our	capital	expenditure	needs	and	may	decide	it	is	best	to
raise	additional	capital	to	fund	the	rapid	growth	of	our	business.
We	have	an	agreement	to	spend	or	incur	$5.0	billion	in	combined	capital,	operational	expenses,	costs	of	goods	sold	and	other	costs	in	the	State
of	New	York	during	the	10-year	period	following	full	production	at	Gigafactory	2.	We	anticipate	meeting	these	obligations	through	our	operations	at	this
facility	and	other	operations	within	the	State	of	New	York,	and	we	do	not	believe	that	we	face	a	significant	risk	of	default.
We	expect	that	our	current	sources	of	liquidity	together	with	our	projection	of	cash	flows	from	operating	activities	will	provide	us
	with	adequate
liquidity	over	at	least	the	next	12	months.	A	large	portion	of	our	future	expenditures	is	to	fund	our	growth,	and	we	can	adjust	our	capital	and	operating
expenditures	by	operating	segment,	including	future	expansion	of	our	product	offerings,	retail	and	service	locations,	body	shops,	Mobile	Service	fleet,
and	Supercharger	network.	
We	may	need	or	want	to	raise	additional	funds	in	the	future,	and	these	funds	may	not	be	available	to	us	when	we	need	or
want	them,	or	at	all.	If	we	cannot	raise	additional	funds	when	we	need	or	want	them,	our	operations	and	prospects	could	be	negatively	affected.
In	addition,	we	had	$1.50	billion	of	unused	committed	amounts	under	our	credit	facilities	and	financing	funds	as	of	December	31,	2018,	some	of
which	are	subject	to	satisfying	specified	conditions	prior	to	draw-down	(such	as	pledging	to	our	lenders	sufficient	amounts	of	qualified	receivables,
inventories,	leased	vehicles	and	our	interests	in	those	leases,	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts,	our	interests	in	financing
funds	or	various	other	assets;	and	contributing	or	selling	qualified	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	or	qualified	leased
vehicles	and	our	interests	in	those	leases	into	the	financing	funds).	Upon	the	draw-down	of	any	unused	committed	amounts,	there	are	no	restrictions	on
the	use	of	such	funds	for	general	corporate	purposes.	For	details	regarding	our	indebtedness	and	financing	funds,	refer	to	Note	13,	
Long-Term	Debt
Obligations
,	and	Note	18,	
Variable	Interest	Entity	Arrangements
,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on
Form	10-K.
64	
Summary	of	Cash	Flows
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
(Dollars	in	thousands)
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Net	cash	provided	by	(used	in)	operating	activities
	
$
2,097,802
	
	
$
(60,654
)
	
$
(123,829
)
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities
	
$
(2,337,428
)
	
$
(4,195,877
)
	
$
(1,081,085
)
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities
	
$
573,755
	
	
$
4,414,864
	
	
$
3,743,976
Cash	Flows	from	Operating	Activities
Our	cash	flows	from	operating	activities	are	significantly	affected	by	our	cash	investments	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business	in	areas	such
as	research	and	development	and	selling,	general	and	administrative	and	working	capital,	especially	inventory,	which	includes	vehicles	in	transit.	Our
operating	cash	inflows	include	cash	from	vehicle	sales,	lease	payments	directly	from	customers,	customer	deposits,	sales	of	regulatory	credits	and
energy	generation	and	storage	products.	These	cash	inflows	are	offset	by	our	payments	to	suppliers	for	production	materials	and	parts	used	in	our
manufacturing	process,	employee	compensation,	operating	lease	payments	and	interest	payments	on	our	financings.
Net	cash	from	operating	activities	changed	favorably	by	$2.16	billion	to	net	cash	provided	by	operating	activities	of	$2.10	billion	during	the	year
ended	December	31,	2018	from	net	cash	used	in	operating	activities	of	$60.7	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017.	This	favorable	change
was	primarily	due	to	the	increase	in	net	income,	excluding	non-cash	expenses	and	gains,	of	$1.60	billion	and	the	decrease	in	net	operating	assets	and
liabilities	of	$554.6	million.	The	decrease	in	net	operating	assets	and	liabilities	was	mainly	driven	by	an	increase	in	accounts	payable	and	accrued
liabilities,	as	a	result	of	increased	expenditures	to	support	our	ramp	of	Model	3	deliveries	and	a	net	decrease	in	operating	lease	vehicles	and	resale
value	guarantee	liability	primarily	due	to	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard,	wherein	certain	vehicle	sales	to	customer	or	leasing	partners	with	a
resale	value	guarantee	were	previously	accounted	for	as	an	in-substance	operating	leases	are	now	accounted	for	as	sales	with	a	right	of	return	upon
control	transfer.	The	increase	in	cash	from	certain	operating	activities	was	partially	offset	by	the	increase	in	accounts	receivable	and	inventory,	as	a
result	of	increased	Model	3	and	energy	products	deliveries	and	production.	Additionally,	there	was	a	decrease	in	customer	deposits	primarily	due	to
Model	3	fulfillments	and	an	increase	in	other	assets	as	we	paid	$141.3	million	for	the	land	use	rights	for	Gigafactory	Shanghai.
Net	cash	used	in	operating	activities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	decreased	by	$63.2	million	as	compared	to	the	year	ended
December	31,	2016	due	to	the	decrease	in	net	operating	assets	and	liabilities	of	$197.3	million	partially	offset	by	the	decrease	in	net	loss,	excluding
non-cash	expenses	and	gains,	of	$134.1	million.	The	decrease	in	working	capital	was	mainly	driven	by	faster	processing	of	payments	for	our	vehicles
and	our	focus	on	reducing	inventory	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2017.
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016,	cash	used	in	operating	activities	was	primarily	a	result	of	our	net	loss	of	$773.0	million,	the	increase
in	accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities	of	$750.6	million	as	our	business	expanded,	the	increase	in	resale	value	guarantees	of	$326.9	million	and
deferred	revenue	of	$383.0	million	as	the	number	of	vehicles	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	increased	and	the	increase	in	customer	deposits	of
$388.4	million	primarily	due	to	Model	3	reservations.	These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	the	increase	in	inventories	and	operating	lease	vehicles	of
$2.47	billion	as	we	expanded	our	program	for	direct	leases	and	vehicles	with	a	resale	value	guarantee.
Cash	Flows	from	Investing	Activities
Cash	flows	from	investing	activities	and	their	variability	across	each	period	related	primarily	to	capital	expenditures,
	which	were	$2.32	billion
during	2018,	$4.08	billion	during	2017	and	$1.44	billion	during	2016.	Capital	expenditures	during	2018	were	$2.10	billion	from	purchases	of	property
and	equipment,	mainly	for	Model	3	production	and	the	expansion	of	our	customer	support	infrastructure,	and	$218.8	million	for	the	design,	acquisition
and	installation	of	solar	energy	systems	under	operating	leases	with	customers.
65	
Capital	expenditures	during	2017	were	$3.41	billion	from	purchases	of	property	and	equipment	mainly	for	Model	3	production	and
$666.5	million	for	the	design,	acquisition	and	installation	of	solar	energy	systems	under	operating	leases	with	customers.	We	also	paid	$114.5	million,
net	of	the	cash	acquired,	for	acquisitions	in	2017.
Capital	expenditures	during	2016	were	$1.28	billion	from	purchases	of	property	and	equipment	and	$159.7	million	for	the	design,	acquisition
and	installation	of	solar	energy	systems	under	operating	leases	with	customers.	These	expenditures	were	partially	offset	by	the	assumed	cash	of
$342.7	million	as	a	result	of	the	SolarCity	acquisition	in	2016.
In	2014,	we	began	construction	of	Gigafactory	1.	We	used	$687.0	million,	$1.45	billion,	and	$455.3	million	of	cash	towards	Gigafactory	1
construction	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017,	and	2016	respectively.
Cash	Flows	from	Financing	Activities
Cash	flows	from	financing	activities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	consisted	primarily	of	$1.18	billion	of	net	borrowings	under
automobile	asset-backed	notes,	$431.0	million	of	net	borrowings	under	the	senior	secured	asset-based	revolving	credit	agreement	(the	“Credit
Agreement”),	$334.1	million	from	the	issuance	of	solar	asset-backed	notes	and	$295.7	million	of	proceeds	from	exercises	of	stock	options	and	other
stock	issuances.	These	cash	inflows	were	partially	offset	by	net	repayments	of	$581.9	million	under	our	vehicle	lease-backed	loan	and	security
agreements	(the	“Warehouse	Agreements”),	collateralized	lease	repayments	of	$559.2	million,	repayments	of	$230.0	million	of	the	2.75%	Convertible
Senior	Notes	due	on	November	1,	2018,	and	repayments	of	$210.2	million	under	the	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility.	See	Note	13,	
Long-Term	Debt
Obligations
,	and	Note	2,	
Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies
,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report
on	Form	10-K	for	further	details	regarding	our	debt	obligations	and	collateralized	borrowings,	respectively.
Cash	flows	from	financing	activities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017	consisted	primarily	of	$966.4	million	from	the	issuance	of	the
2.375%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2022,	$1.77	billion	from	the	issuance	of	the	5.3%	Senior	Notes	due	in	2025	and	$400.2	million	from	our	March
2017	public	offering	of	common	stock,	net	of	underwriter	fees.	However,	we	paid	$151.2	million	for	the	purchase	of	bond	hedges	net	of	the	amount	we
received	from	the	sale	of	warrants.	Furthermore,	we	received	$511.3	million	of	net	proceeds	from	collateralized	lease	borrowings	and	$527.5	million	of
net	proceeds	from	fund	investors.
Cash	flows	from	financing	activities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	consisted	primarily	of	$1.70	billion	from	our	May	2016	public
offering	of	common	stock,	net	of	underwriter	fees,	$995.4	million	of	proceeds	from	issuances	of	debt	net	of	repayments	and	$769.7	million	of	net
proceeds	from	collateralized	lease	borrowings.	The	net	proceeds	from	issuances	of	debt	consisted	primarily	of	$834.0	million	of	net	borrowings	under
the	Credit	Agreement	and	$390.0	million	of	borrowings	under	the	Warehouse	Agreements,	partially	offset	by	settlements	of	$454.7	million	for	certain
conversions	of	the	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	June	2018.	Furthermore,	we	received	$180.3	million	of	net	proceeds	from	fund	investors.
66	
Contractual	Obligations
We	are	party	to	contractual	obligations	involving	commitments	to	make	payments	to	third	parties,	including	certain	debt	financing
arrangements	and	leases,	primarily	for	stores,	service	centers,	certain	manufacturing	and	corporate	offices.	These	also	include,	as	part	of	our	normal
business	practices,	contracts	with	suppliers	for	purchases	of	certain	raw	materials,	components	and	services	to	facilitate	adequate	supply	of	these
materials	and	services	and	capacity	reservation	contracts.	The	following	table	sets	forth,	as	of	December	31,	2018,	certain	significant	obligations	that
will	affect	our	future	liquidity	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total
	
	
2019
	
	
2020
	
	
2021
	
	
2022
	
	
2023
	
	
Thereafter
	
Operating	lease	obligations
	
$
1,628,154
	
	
$
275,654
	
	
$
256,931
	
	
$
230,406
	
	
$
182,911
	
	
$
157,662
	
	
$
524,590
	
Capital	lease	obligations,
			including	interest
	
	
1,461,236
	
	
	
416,952
	
	
	
503,545
	
	
	
506,197
	
	
	
23,828
	
	
	
4,776
	
	
	
5,938
	
Purchase	obligations	(1)
	
	
18,088,100
	
	
	
4,860,431
	
	
	
3,255,968
	
	
	
3,391,637
	
	
	
3,985,336
	
	
	
2,570,730
	
	
	
23,998
	
Long-term	debt,	including
			scheduled	interest	(2)
	
	
12,570,082
	
	
	
2,583,160
	
	
	
2,485,372
	
	
	
2,260,528
	
	
	
1,629,556
	
	
	
302,345
	
	
	
3,309,121
	
Total
	
$
33,747,572
	
	
$
8,136,197
	
	
$
6,501,816
	
	
$
6,388,768
	
	
$
5,821,631
	
	
$
3,035,513
	
	
$
3,863,647
	
(1)
These	amounts	represent	(i)	purchase	orders	of	$2.40	billion	issued	under	binding	and	enforceable	agreements	with	all	vendors	as	of
December	31,	2018	and	(ii)	$15.69	billion	in	other	estimable	purchase	obligations	pursuant	to	such	agreements,	primarily	relating	to	the
purchase	of	lithium-ion	cells	produced	by	Panasonic	at	Gigafactory	1,	including	any	additional	amounts	we	may	have	to	pay	vendors	if	we	do	not
meet	certain	minimum	purchase	obligations.	In	cases	where	no	purchase	orders	were	outstanding	under	binding	and	enforceable	agreements	as
of	December	31,	2018,	we	have	included	estimated	amounts	based	on	our	best	estimates	and	assumptions	or	discussions	with	the	relevant
vendors	as	of	such	date	or,	where	applicable,	on	amounts	or	assumptions	included	in	such	agreements	for	purposes	of	discussion	or	reference.
In	certain	cases,	such	estimated	amounts	were	subject	to	contingent	events.	Furthermore,	these	amounts	do	not	include	future	payments	for
purchase	obligations	that	were	recorded	in	accounts	payable	or	accrued	liabilities	as	of	December	31,	2018.
(2)
Long-term	debt,	including	scheduled	interest,	includes	our	non-recourse	indebtedness	of	$3.61	billion.	Non-recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is
recourse	to	only	specified	assets	of	our	subsidiaries.	Short-term	scheduled	interest	payments	and	amortization	of	convertible	senior	note
conversion	features,	debt	discounts	and	deferred	financing	costs	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019	is	$361.2	million.	Long-term	scheduled
interest	payments	and	amortization	of	convertible	senior	note	conversion	features,	debt	discounts	and	deferred	financing	costs	for	the	years
thereafter	is	$1.58	billion.
The	table	above	excludes	unrecognized	tax	benefits	of	$243.8	million	because	if	recognized,	they	would	be	an	adjustment	to	our	deferred	tax
assets.
Off-Balance	Sheet	Arrangements
During	the	periods	presented,	we	did	not	have	relationships	with	unconsolidated	entities	or	financial	partnerships,	such	as	entities	often
referred	to	as	structured	finance	or	special	purpose	entities,	which	were	established	for	the	purpose	of	facilitating	off-balance	sheet	arrangements	or
other	contractually	narrow	or	limited	purposes.
Recent	Accounting	Pronouncements
See	Note	2,	
Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies
,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on
Form	10-K.
	
	
67	
ITEM	7A.
QUANTITATIVE	AND	QUALITAT
IVE	DISCLOSURES	ABOUT	MARKET	RISK
Foreign	Currency	Risk
We	transact	business	globally	in	multiple	currencies	and	hence	have	foreign	currency	risks	related	to	our	revenue,	costs	of	revenue	and
operating	expenses	denominated	in	currencies	other	than	the	U.S.	dollar	(primarily	the	euro,	Japanese	yen,	Canadian	dollar,	Chinese	yuan	and
Norwegian	krone).	In	general,	we	are	a	net	receiver	of	currencies	other	than	the	U.S.	dollar	for	our	foreign	subsidiaries.	Accordingly,	changes	in
exchange	rates	and,	in	particular,	a	strengthening	of	the	U.S.	dollar	have	in	the	past,	and	may	in	the	future,	negatively	affect	our	revenue	and	other
operating	results	as	expressed	in	U.S.	dollars.
We	have	also	experienced,	and	will	continue	to	experience,	fluctuations	in	our	net	income	(loss)	as	a	result	of	gains	(losses)	on	the	settlement
and	the	re-measurement	of	monetary	assets	and	liabilities	denominated	in	currencies	that	are	not	the	local	currency	(primarily	consisting	of	our
intercompany	and	cash	and	cash	equivalents	balances).	
For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,	we	recognized	a	net	foreign	currency	gain	of
$1.5	million	in	other	income	(expense),	net,	with	our	largest	re-measurement	exposures	from	the	euro,	New	Taiwan	dollar	and	Canadian	dollar.	For	the
year	ended	December	31,	2017,	we	recognized	a	net	foreign	currency	loss	of	$52.3	million	in	other	income	(expense),	net,	with	our	largest	re-
measurement	exposures	from	the	euro,	Canadian	dollar	and	Norwegian	krone.
We	considered	the	historical	trends	in	foreign	currency	exchange	rates	and	determined	that	it	is	reasonably	possible	that	adverse	changes	in
foreign	currency	exchange	rates	of	10%	for	all	currencies	could	be	experienced	in	the	near-term.	These	changes	were	applied	to	our	total	monetary
assets	and	liabilities	denominated	in	currencies	other	than	our	local	currencies	at	the	balance	sheet	dates	to	compute	the	impact	these	changes	would
have	had	on	our	net	income	(loss)	before	income	taxes.	These	changes	would	have	resulted	in	an	adverse	impact	of	$175.7	million	at	December	31,
2018	and	$116.0	million	at	December	31,	2017.
Interest	Rate	Risk
We	are	exposed	to	interest	rate	risk	on	our	borrowings	that	bear	interest	at	floating	rates.	Pursuant	to	our	risk	management	policies,	in	certain
cases,	we	utilize	derivative	instruments	to	manage	some	of	this	risk.	We	do	not	enter	into	derivative	instruments	for	trading	or	speculative	purposes.	A
hypothetical	10%	change	in	our	interest	rates	would	have	increased	our	interest	expense	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018	and	2017	by
$8.5	million	and	$7.6	million,	respectively.
	
	
	
68	
I
TEM	8.
FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS	AND	SUPPLEMENTARY	DATA
	
Index	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
	
	
		
Page
Report	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
		
70
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets
		
72
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations
		
73
Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Loss
		
74
Consolidated	Statements	of	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Equity
		
75
Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows
		
76
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
		
77
	
	
	
69	
R
eport	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
	
To	the	Board	of	Directors	and	Stockholders	of	Tesla,	Inc.
Opinions	on	the	Financial	Statements	and	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
We	have	
audited	the	accompanying	consolidated	balance	sheets	of	Tesla,	Inc.	and	its	subsidiaries	(the	“Company”)	as	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017,
and	the	related	consolidated	statements	of	operations,	of	comprehensive	loss,	of	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	and	equity,	and	of	cash	flows	for
each	of	the	three	years	in	the	period	ended	December	31,	2018,	including	the	related	notes	(collectively	referred	to	as	the	“consolidated	financial
statements”).	We	also	have	audited	the	Company's	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2018,	based	on	criteria	established	in
Internal	Control	-	Integrated	Framework
	(2013)	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(COSO).		
In	our	opinion,	the	consolidated	financial	statements	referred	to	above	present	fairly,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	position	of	the	Company	as	of
December	31,	2018	and	2017,	and	the	results	of	its	operations	and	its	cash	flows	for	each	of	the	three	years	in	the	period	ended	December	31,	2018	in
conformity	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	United	States	of	America.	Also	in	our	opinion,	the	Company	maintained,	in	all	material
respects,	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2018,	based	on	criteria	established	in	
Internal	Control	-	Integrated
Framework
	(2013)	issued	by	the	COSO.
Change	in	Accounting	Principle
As	discussed	in	Note	2	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	the	Company	changed	the	manner	in	which	it	accounts	for	revenue	from	contracts	with
customers	in	2018.
Basis	for	Opinions
The	Company's	management	is	responsible	for	
these	consolidated	financial	statements,	for	maintaining	effective	internal	control	over	financial
reporting,	and	for	its	assessment	of	the	effectiveness	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	included	in	Management's	Report	on	Internal	Control
over	Financial	Reporting	appearing	under	Item	9A.	Our	responsibility	is	to	express	opinions	on	the	Company’s	consolidated	financial	statements	and	on
the	Company's	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	based	on	our	audits.	We	are	a	public	accounting	firm	registered	with	the	Public	Company
Accounting	Oversight	Board	(United	States)	(PCAOB)	and	are	required	to	be	independent	with	respect	to	the	Company	in	accordance	with	the	U.S.
federal	securities	laws	and	the	applicable	rules	and	regulations	of	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	and	the	PCAOB.
We	conducted	our
	audits	i
n	accordance	
with	the	standards	of	the	PCAOB.	Those	standards	require	that	we	plan	and	perform	the	audits	to	obtain
reasonable	assurance	about	whether	the	consolidated	financial	statements	are	free	of	material	misstatement,	whether	due	to	error	or	fraud,	and
whether	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	was	maintained	in	all	material	respects.		
Our	audits	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	performing	procedures	to	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	consolidated
financial	statements,	whether	due	to	error	or	fraud,	and	performing	procedures	that	respond	to	those	risks.	Such	procedures	included	examining,	on	a
test	basis,	evidence	regarding	the	amounts	and	disclosures	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	Our	audits	also	included	evaluating	the	accounting
principles	used	and	significant	estimates	made	by	management,	as	well	as	evaluating	the	overall	presentation	of	the	consolidated	financial	
statements.
Our	audit	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	included	obtaining	an	understanding	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	assessing	the	risk
that	a	material	weakness	exists,	and	testing	and	evaluating	the	design	and	operating	effectiveness	of	internal	control	based	on	the	assessed	risk.	Our
audits	also	included	performing	such	other	procedures	as	we	considered	necessary	in	the	circumstances.	We	believe	that	our	audits	provide	a
reasonable	basis	for	our	opinions.
70	
Definition	and	Limitations	of	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
A	company’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	is	a	process	designed	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial
reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles.	A	company’s
internal	control	over	financial	reporting	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(i)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that,	in	reasonable	detail,
accurately	and	fairly	reflect	the	transactions	and	dispositions	of	the	assets	of	the	company;	(ii)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are
recorded	as	necessary	to	permit	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	receipts	and
expenditures	of	the	company	are	being	made	only	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	management	and	directors	of	the	company;	and	(iii)	provide
reasonable	assurance	regarding	prevention	or	timely	detection	of	unauthorized	acquisition,	use,	or	disposition	of	the	company’s	assets	that	could	have	a
material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.
Because	of	its	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements.	Also,	projections	of	any
evaluation	of	effectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the
degree	of	compliance	with	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.
	
/s/PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
San	Jose,	California
February	19,	2019
We	have	served	as	the	Company’s	auditor	since	2005.
	
	
	
	
71	
Tesla,	Inc.
Consolidated	Balance	Sheets
(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data)
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
Assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
$
3,685,618
	
	
$
3,367,914
	
Restricted	cash
	
	
192,551
	
	
	
155,323
	
Accounts	receivable,	net
	
	
949,022
	
	
	
515,381
	
Inventory
	
	
3,113,446
	
	
	
2,263,537
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
365,671
	
	
	
268,365
	
Total	current	assets
	
	
8,306,308
	
	
	
6,570,520
	
Operating	lease	vehicles,	net
	
	
2,089,758
	
	
	
4,116,604
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net
	
	
6,271,396
	
	
	
6,347,490
	
Property,	plant	and	equipment,	net
	
	
11,330,077
	
	
	
10,027,522
	
Intangible	assets,	net
	
	
282,492
	
	
	
361,502
	
Goodwill
	
	
68,159
	
	
	
60,237
	
MyPower	customer	notes	receivable,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
421,548
	
	
	
456,652
	
Restricted	cash,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
398,219
	
	
	
441,722
	
Other	assets
	
	
571,657
	
	
	
273,123
	
Total	assets
	
$
29,739,614
	
	
$
28,655,372
	
Liabilities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	liabilities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accounts	payable
	
$
3,404,451
	
	
$
2,390,250
	
Accrued	liabilities	and	other
	
	
2,094,253
	
	
	
1,731,366
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
630,292
	
	
	
1,015,253
	
Resale	value	guarantees
	
	
502,840
	
	
	
787,333
	
Customer	deposits
	
	
792,601
	
	
	
853,919
	
Current	portion	of	long-term	debt	and	capital	leases
	
	
2,567,699
	
	
	
796,549
	
Current	portion	of	promissory	notes	issued	to	related	parties
	
	
—
	
	
	
100,000
	
Total	current	liabilities
	
	
9,992,136
	
	
	
7,674,670
	
Long-term	debt	and	capital	leases,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
9,403,672
	
	
	
9,418,319
	
Deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
990,873
	
	
	
1,177,799
	
Resale	value	guarantees,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
328,926
	
	
	
2,309,222
	
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
	
2,710,403
	
	
	
2,442,970
	
Total	liabilities
	
	
23,426,010
	
	
	
23,022,980
	
Commitments	and	contingencies	(Note	17)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
555,964
	
	
	
397,734
	
Convertible	senior	notes	(Note	13)
	
	
—
	
	
	
70
	
Equity
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stockholders'	equity
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Preferred	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	100,000	shares	authorized;
			no	shares	issued	and	outstanding
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Common	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	2,000,000	shares	authorized;	172,603	and
			168,797	shares	issued	and	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017,
			respectively
	
	
173
	
	
	
169
	
Additional	paid-in	capital
	
	
10,249,120
	
	
	
9,178,024
	
Accumulated	other	comprehensive	(loss)	income
	
	
(8,218
)
	
	
33,348
	
Accumulated	deficit
	
	
(5,317,832
)
	
	
(4,974,299
)
Total	stockholders'	equity
	
	
4,923,243
	
	
	
4,237,242
	
Noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
834,397
	
	
	
997,346
	
Total	liabilities	and	equity
	
$
29,739,614
	
	
$
28,655,372
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
72	
Tesla,	Inc.
	
Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations
(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data)
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Revenues
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive	sales
	
$
17,631,522
	
	
$
8,534,752
	
	
$
5,589,007
	
Automotive	leasing
	
	
883,461
	
	
	
1,106,548
	
	
	
761,759
	
Total	automotive	revenues
	
	
18,514,983
	
	
	
9,641,300
	
	
	
6,350,766
	
Energy	generation	and	storage
	
	
1,555,244
	
	
	
1,116,266
	
	
	
181,394
	
Services	and	other
	
	
1,391,041
	
	
	
1,001,185
	
	
	
467,972
	
Total	revenues
	
	
21,461,268
	
	
	
11,758,751
	
	
	
7,000,132
	
Cost	of	revenues
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive	sales
	
	
13,685,572
	
	
	
6,724,480
	
	
	
4,268,087
	
Automotive	leasing
	
	
488,425
	
	
	
708,224
	
	
	
481,994
	
Total	automotive	cost	of	revenues
	
	
14,173,997
	
	
	
7,432,704
	
	
	
4,750,081
	
Energy	generation	and	storage
	
	
1,364,896
	
	
	
874,538
	
	
	
178,332
	
Services	and	other
	
	
1,880,354
	
	
	
1,229,022
	
	
	
472,462
	
Total	cost	of	revenues
	
	
17,419,247
	
	
	
9,536,264
	
	
	
5,400,875
	
Gross	profit
	
	
4,042,021
	
	
	
2,222,487
	
	
	
1,599,257
	
Operating	expenses
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Research	and	development
	
	
1,460,370
	
	
	
1,378,073
	
	
	
834,408
	
Selling,	general	and	administrative
	
	
2,834,491
	
	
	
2,476,500
	
	
	
1,432,189
	
Restructuring	and	other
	
	
135,233
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Total	operating	expenses
	
	
4,430,094
	
	
	
3,854,573
	
	
	
2,266,597
	
Loss	from	operations
	
	
(388,073
)
	
	
(1,632,086
)
	
	
(667,340
)
Interest	income
	
	
24,533
	
	
	
19,686
	
	
	
8,530
	
Interest	expense
	
	
(663,071
)
	
	
(471,259
)
	
	
(198,810
)
Other	income	(expense),	net
	
	
21,866
	
	
	
(125,373
)
	
	
111,272
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
	
	
(1,004,745
)
	
	
(2,209,032
)
	
	
(746,348
)
Provision	for	income	taxes
	
	
57,837
	
	
	
31,546
	
	
	
26,698
	
Net	loss
	
	
(1,062,582
)
	
	
(2,240,578
)
	
	
(773,046
)
Net	loss	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and
			redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
(86,491
)
	
	
(279,178
)
	
	
(98,132
)
Net	loss	attributable	to	common	stockholders
	
$
(976,091
)
	
$
(1,961,400
)
	
$
(674,914
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable
			to	common	stockholders
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Basic
	
$
(5.72
)
	
$
(11.83
)
	
$
(4.68
)
Diluted
	
$
(5.72
)
	
$
(11.83
)
	
$
(4.68
)
Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net	loss
			per	share	of	common	stock
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Basic
	
	
170,525
	
	
	
165,758
	
	
	
144,212
	
Diluted
	
	
170,525
	
	
	
165,758
	
	
	
144,212
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
	
73	
Tesla,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Loss
(in	thousands)
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Net	loss	attributable	to	common	stockholders
	
$
(976,091
)
	
$
(1,961,400
)
	
$
(674,914
)
Unrealized	gains	(losses)	on	derivatives:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Change	in	net	unrealized	gain
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
43,220
	
Less:	Reclassification	adjustment	for	net	gains	into	net	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
(5,570
)
	
	
(44,904
)
Net	unrealized	loss	on	derivatives
	
	
—
	
	
	
(5,570
)
	
	
(1,684
)
Foreign	currency	translation	adjustment
	
	
(41,566
)
	
	
62,658
	
	
	
(18,500
)
Other	comprehensive	(loss)	income
	
	
(41,566
)
	
	
57,088
	
	
	
(20,184
)
Comprehensive	loss
	
$
(1,017,657
)
	
$
(1,904,312
)
	
$
(695,098
)
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
	
	
74	
Tesla,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Equity
(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accumulated
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Redeemable
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Additional
	
	
	
	
	
	
Other
	
	
Total
	
	
Noncontrolling
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Noncontrolling
	
	
	
Common	Stock
	
	
Paid-In
	
	
Accumulated
	
	
Comprehensive
	
	
Stockholders'
	
	
Interests	in
	
	
Total
	
	
	
Interests
	
	
	
Shares
	
	
Amount
	
	
Capital
	
	
Deficit
	
	
Loss
	
	
Equity
	
	
Subsidiaries
	
	
Equity
	
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2015
	
$
—
	
	
	
	
131,425
	
	
$
131
	
	
$
3,409,452
	
	
$
(2,322,323
)
	
$
(3,556
)
	
$
1,083,704
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
1,083,704
	
Reclassification	from	mezzanine	equity	to	equity	for	1.50%
Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
38,501
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
38,501
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
38,501
	
Exercises	of	conversion	feature	of	convertible	senior	notes
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(15,056
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(15,056
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(15,056
)
Common	stock	issued,	net	of	shares	withheld	for	employee	taxes
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
11,096
	
	
	
11
	
	
	
163,817
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
163,828
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
163,828
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	May	2016	public	offering	at	$215.00
per	share,	net	of
			issuance	costs	of	$14,595
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
7,915
	
	
	
8
	
	
	
1,687,139
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,687,147
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,687,147
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	acquisition	of	SolarCity	and
assumed	awards
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
11,125
	
	
	
11
	
	
	
2,145,977
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
2,145,988
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
2,145,988
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
347,357
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
347,357
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
347,357
	
Assumption	of	capped	calls
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,460
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,460
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(3,460
)
Assumption	of	noncontrolling	interests	through	acquisition
	
	
315,943
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
750,574
	
	
	
750,574
	
Contributions	from	noncontrolling	interests	through	acquisition
	
	
100,996
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
100,531
	
	
	
100,531
	
Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests	through	acquisition
	
	
(7,137
)
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(10,561
)
	
	
(10,561
)
Net	loss
	
	
(42,763
)
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(674,914
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(674,914
)
	
	
(55,369
)
	
	
(730,283
)
Other	comprehensive	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(20,184
)
	
	
(20,184
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(20,184
)
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2016
	
	
367,039
	
	
	
	
161,561
	
	
	
161
	
	
	
7,773,727
	
	
	
(2,997,237
)
	
	
(23,740
)
	
	
4,752,911
	
	
	
785,175
	
	
	
5,538,086
	
Adjustment	of	prior	periods	due	to	adoption	of	Accounting
Standards	Update	No.	2016-09
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
15,662
	
	
	
(15,662
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Conversion	feature	of	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2022
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
145,613
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
145,613
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
145,613
	
Purchases	of	bond	hedges
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(204,102
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(204,102
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(204,102
)
Sales	of	warrants
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
52,883
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
52,883
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
52,883
	
Reclassification	from	mezzanine	equity	to	equity	for	1.50%
Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
8,714
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
8,714
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
8,714
	
Exercises	of	conversion	feature	of	convertible	senior	notes
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
1,408
	
	
	
2
	
	
	
230,151
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
230,153
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
230,153
	
Common	stock	issued,	net	of	shares	withheld	for	employee	taxes
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
4,257
	
	
	
4
	
	
	
259,381
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
259,385
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
259,385
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	in	March	2017	public	offering	at
$262.00	per	share,	net	of
			issuance	costs	of	$2,854
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
1,536
	
	
	
2
	
	
	
399,645
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
399,647
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
399,647
	
Issuance	of	common	stock	upon	acquisitions	and	assumed	awards
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
35
	
	
	
0
	
	
	
10,528
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
10,528
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
10,528
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
485,822
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
485,822
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
485,822
	
Contributions	from	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
192,421
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
597,282
	
	
	
597,282
	
Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
(100,703
)
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(163,626
)
	
	
(163,626
)
Buy-outs	of	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
(2,921
)
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(409
)
	
	
(409
)
Net	loss
	
	
(58,102
)
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(1,961,400
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(1,961,400
)
	
	
(221,076
)
	
	
(2,182,476
)
Other	comprehensive	income
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
57,088
	
	
	
57,088
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
57,088
	
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2017
	
	
397,734
	
	
	
	
168,797
	
	
	
169
	
	
	
9,178,024
	
	
	
(4,974,299
)
	
	
33,348
	
	
	
4,237,242
	
	
	
997,346
	
	
	
5,234,588
	
Adjustments	for	prior	periods	from	adopting	ASC	606
	
	
8,101
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
623,172
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
623,172
	
	
	
(89,084
)
	
	
534,088
	
Adjustments	for	prior	periods	from	adopting	Accounting
Standards	Update	No.	2017-05
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
9,386
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
9,386
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
9,386
	
Reclassification	from	mezzanine	equity	to	equity	for	1.50%
Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
70
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
70
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
70
	
Exercises	of	conversion	feature	of	convertible	senior	notes
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
238
	
	
	
0
	
	
	
(40
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(40
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(40
)
Common	stock	issued,	net	of	shares	withheld	for	employee	taxes
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
3,568
	
	
	
4
	
	
	
295,719
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
295,723
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
295,723
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
775,554
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
775,554
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
775,554
	
Contributions	from	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
275,736
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
161,399
	
	
	
161,399
	
Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
(61,557
)
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(209,994
)
	
	
(209,994
)
Buy-outs	of	noncontrolling	interests
	
	
(2,829
)
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(207
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(207
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(207
)
Net	loss
	
	
(61,221
)
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(976,091
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(976,091
)
	
	
(25,270
)
	
	
(1,001,361
)
Other	comprehensive	loss
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(41,566
)
	
	
(41,566
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
(41,566
)
Balance	as	of	December	31,	2018
	
$
555,964
	
	
	
	
172,603
	
	
$
173
	
	
$
10,249,120
	
	
$
(5,317,832
)
	
$
(8,218
)
	
$
4,923,243
	
	
$
834,397
	
	
$
5,757,640
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
75	
Tesla,	Inc.
Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows
(in	thousands)
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Cash	Flows	from	Operating	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	loss
	
$
(1,062,582
)
	
$
(2,240,578
)
	
$
(773,046
)
Adjustments	to	reconcile	net	loss	to	net	cash	provided	by	(used	in)	operating	activities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Depreciation,	amortization	and	impairment
	
	
1,901,050
	
	
	
1,636,003
	
	
	
947,099
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
749,024
	
	
	
466,760
	
	
	
334,225
	
Amortization	of	debt	discounts	and	issuance	costs
	
	
158,730
	
	
	
91,037
	
	
	
94,690
	
Inventory	write-downs
	
	
85,272
	
	
	
131,665
	
	
	
65,520
	
Loss	on	disposals	of	fixed	assets
	
	
161,361
	
	
	
105,770
	
	
	
34,633
	
Foreign	currency	transaction	(gains)	losses
	
	
(1,511
)
	
	
52,309
	
	
	
(29,183
)
Loss	(gain)	related	to	SolarCity	acquisition
	
	
—
	
	
	
57,746
	
	
	
(88,727
)
Non-cash	interest	and	other	operating	activities
	
	
48,507
	
	
	
135,237
	
	
	
(15,179
)
Changes	in	operating	assets	and	liabilities,	net	of	effect	of	business	combinations:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accounts	receivable
	
	
(496,732
)
	
	
(24,635
)
	
	
(216,565
)
Inventory
	
	
(1,023,264
)
	
	
(178,850
)
	
	
(632,867
)
Operating	lease	vehicles
	
	
(214,747
)
	
	
(1,522,573
)
	
	
(1,832,836
)
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
(82,125
)
	
	
(72,084
)
	
	
56,806
	
Other	assets	and	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable
	
	
(207,409
)
	
	
(15,453
)
	
	
(49,353
)
Accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities
	
	
1,722,850
	
	
	
388,206
	
	
	
750,640
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
406,661
	
	
	
468,902
	
	
	
382,962
	
Customer	deposits
	
	
(96,685
)
	
	
170,027
	
	
	
388,361
	
Resale	value	guarantee
	
	
(110,564
)
	
	
208,718
	
	
	
326,934
	
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
	
159,966
	
	
	
81,139
	
	
	
132,057
	
Net	cash	provided	by	(used	in)	operating	activities
	
	
2,097,802
	
	
	
(60,654
)
	
	
(123,829
)
Cash	Flows	from	Investing	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Purchases	of	property	and	equipment	excluding	capital	leases,	net	of	sales
	
	
(2,100,724
)
	
	
(3,414,814
)
	
	
(1,280,802
)
Maturities	of	short-term	marketable	securities
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
16,667
	
Purchases	of	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased
	
	
(218,792
)
	
	
(666,540
)
	
	
(159,669
)
Business	combinations,	net	of	cash	acquired
	
	
(17,912
)
	
	
(114,523
)
	
	
342,719
	
Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities
	
	
(2,337,428
)
	
	
(4,195,877
)
	
	
(1,081,085
)
Cash	Flows	from	Financing	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Proceeds	from	issuances	of	common	stock	in	public	offerings
	
	
—
	
	
	
400,175
	
	
	
1,701,734
	
Proceeds	from	issuances	of	convertible	and	other	debt
	
	
6,176,173
	
	
	
7,138,055
	
	
	
2,852,964
	
Repayments	of	convertible	and	other	debt
	
	
(5,247,057
)
	
	
(3,995,484
)
	
	
(1,857,594
)
Repayments	of	borrowings	issued	to	related	parties
	
	
(100,000
)
	
	
(165,000
)
	
	
—
	
Collateralized	lease	(repayments)	borrowings
	
	
(559,167
)
	
	
511,321
	
	
	
769,709
	
Proceeds	from	exercises	of	stock	options	and	other	stock	issuances
	
	
295,722
	
	
	
259,116
	
	
	
163,817
	
Principal	payments	on	capital	leases
	
	
(180,805
)
	
	
(103,304
)
	
	
(46,889
)
Common	stock	and	debt	issuance	costs
	
	
(14,973
)
	
	
(63,111
)
	
	
(20,042
)
Purchases	of	convertible	note	hedges
	
	
—
	
	
	
(204,102
)
	
	
—
	
Proceeds	from	settlement	of	convertible	note	hedges
	
	
—
	
	
	
287,213
	
	
	
—
	
Proceeds	from	issuances	of	warrants
	
	
—
	
	
	
52,883
	
	
	
—
	
Payments	for	settlements	of	warrants
	
	
(11
)
	
	
(230,385
)
	
	
—
	
Proceeds	from	investments	by	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
437,134
	
	
	
789,704
	
	
	
201,527
	
Distributions	paid	to	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
(227,304
)
	
	
(261,844
)
	
	
(21,250
)
Payments	for	buy-outs	of	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
(5,957
)
	
	
(373
)
	
	
—
	
Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities
	
	
573,755
	
	
	
4,414,864
	
	
	
3,743,976
	
Effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash
	
	
(22,700
)
	
	
39,726
	
	
	
(6,553
)
Net	increase	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash
	
	
311,429
	
	
	
198,059
	
	
	
2,532,509
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash,	beginning	of	period
	
	
3,964,959
	
	
	
3,766,900
	
	
	
1,234,391
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash,	end	of	period
	
$
4,276,388
	
	
$
3,964,959
	
	
$
3,766,900
	
Supplemental	Non-Cash	Investing	and	Financing	Activities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Shares	issued	in	connection	with	business	combinations	and	assumed	vested	awards
	
$
—
	
	
$
10,528
	
	
$
2,145,977
	
Acquisitions	of	property	and	equipment	included	in	liabilities
	
$
249,141
	
	
$
914,108
	
	
$
663,771
	
Estimated	fair	value	of	facilities	under	build-to-suit	leases
	
$
94,445
	
	
$
313,483
	
	
$
307,879
	
Supplemental	Disclosures
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Cash	paid	during	the	period	for	interest,	net	of	amounts	capitalized
	
$
380,836
	
	
$
182,571
	
	
$
38,693
	
Cash	paid	during	the	period	for	taxes,	net	of	refunds
	
$
35,409
	
	
$
65,695
	
	
$
16,385
	
The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.
	
76	
Tesla,	Inc.
Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
	
Note	1	–	Overview
Tesla,	Inc.	(“Tesla”,	the	“Company”,	“we”,	“us”	or	“our”)	was	incorporated	in	the	State	of	Delaware	on	July	1,	2003.	We	design,	develop,
manufacture	and	sell	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles	and	design,	manufacture,	install	and	sell	solar	energy	generation	and	energy	storage
products.	Our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	as	the	chief	operating	decision	maker	(“CODM”),	organizes	the	Company,	manages	resource	allocations	and
measures	performance	among	two	operating	and	reportable	segments:	(i)	automotive	and	(ii)	energy	generation	and	storage.
	
	
Note	2	–	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies
Principles	of	Consolidation
The	accompanying	consolidated	financial	statements	have	been	prepared	in	conformity	with	U.S.	generally	accepted	accounting	principles
(“GAAP”)	and	reflect	our	accounts	and	operations	and	those	of	our	subsidiaries	in	which	we	have	a	controlling	financial	interest.	In	accordance	with	the
provisions	of	Accounting	Standards	Codification	(“ASC”)	810,	
Consolidation
,	we	consolidate	any	variable	interest	entity	(“VIE”)	of	which	we	are	the
primary	beneficiary.	We	form	VIEs	with	financing	fund	investors	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	in	order	to	facilitate	the	funding	and	monetization	of
certain	attributes	associated	with	solar	energy	systems	and	leases	under	our	direct	vehicle	leasing	programs.	The	typical	condition	for	a	controlling
financial	interest	ownership	is	holding	a	majority	of	the	voting	interests	of	an	entity;	however,	a	controlling	financial	interest	may	also	exist	in	entities,
such	as	VIEs,	through	arrangements	that	do	not	involve	controlling	voting	interests.	ASC	810	requires	a	variable	interest	holder	to	consolidate	a	VIE	if
that	party	has	the	power	to	direct	the	activities	of	the	VIE	that	most	significantly	impact	the	VIE’s	economic	performance	and	the	obligation	to	absorb
losses	of	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE	or	the	right	to	receive	benefits	from	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the
VIE.	We	do	not	consolidate	a	VIE	in	which	we	have	a	majority	ownership	interest	when	we	are	not	considered	the	primary	beneficiary.	We	have
determined	that	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary	of	a	number	of	VIEs	(see	Note	
18
,	
Variable	Interest	Entity	Arrangements
).	We	evaluate	our
relationships	with	all	the	VIEs	on	an	ongoing	basis	to	ensure	that	we	continue	to	be	the	primary	beneficiary.	All	intercompany	transactions	and	balances
have	been	eliminated	upon	consolidation.
Reclassifications
Certain	prior	period	balances	have	been	reclassified	to	conform	to	the	current	period	presentation	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and
the	accompanying	notes	as	a	result	of	the	adoption	of	the	Accounting	Standards	Update	(“ASU”)	2016-18
,	Statement	of	Cash	Flows:	Restricted	Cash
.
Use	of	Estimates
The	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	conformity	with	GAAP	requires	management	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported
amounts	of	assets,	liabilities	and	disclosures	in	the	accompanying	notes.	Estimates	are	used	for,	but	not	limited	to,	determining	the	transaction	price	of
products	and	services	in	arrangements	with	multiple	performance	obligations	and	determining	the	amortization	period	of	these	obligations,	significant
economic	incentive	for	residual	value	guarantee	arrangements,	sales	return	reserves,	the	collectability	of	accounts	receivable,	inventory	valuation,	fair
value	of	long-lived	assets,	goodwill,	fair	value	of	financial	instruments,	residual	value	of	operating	lease	vehicles,	depreciable	lives	of	property	and
equipment	and	solar	energy	systems,	fair	value	and	residual	value	of	solar	energy	systems	subject	to	leases,	warranty	liabilities,	income	taxes,
contingencies,	the	accrued	liability	for	solar	energy	system	performance	guarantees,	determining	lease	pass-through	financing	obligations,	the	discount
rates	used	to	determine	the	fair	value	of	investment	tax	credits,	the	valuation	of	build-to-suit	lease	assets,	fair	value	of	interest	rate	swaps	and	inputs	used
to	value	stock-based	compensation.	In	addition,	estimates	and	assumptions	are	used	for	the	accounting	for	business	combinations,	including	the	fair	values
and	useful	lives	of	acquired	assets,	assumed	liabilities	and	noncontrolling	interests.	Management	bases	its	estimates	on	historical	experience	and	on
various	other	assumptions	believed	to	be	reasonable,	the	results	of	which	form	the	basis	for	making	judgments	about	the	carrying	values	of	assets	and
liabilities.	Actual	results	could	differ	from	those	estimates.
77	
Revenue	
Recognition
Adoption	of	new	accounting	standards
ASU	2014-09,
	Revenue	-	Revenue	from	Contracts	with	Custome
rs.	On	January	1,	2018,	we	adopted	the	new	accounting	standard	ASC	606,
Revenue	from	Contracts	with	Customers	and	all	the	related	amendments	(“new	revenue	standard”)	using	the	modified	retrospective	method.	As	a	policy
election,	the	new	revenue	standard	was	applied	only	to	contracts	that	were	not	substantially	completed	as	of	the	date	of	adoption.	We	recognized	the
cumulative	effect	of	initially	applying	the	new	revenue	standard	as	an	adjustment	to	the	January	1,	2018	opening	balance	of	accumulated	deficit.	The
prior	period	consolidated	financial	statements	have	not	been	retrospectively	adjusted	and	continue	to	be	reported	under	the	accounting	standards	in
effect	for	those	periods.
A	majority	of	our	automotive	sales	revenue	is	recognized	when	control	transfers	upon	delivery	to	customers.	For	certain	vehicle	sales	where
revenue	was	previously	deferred	as	an	in-substance	operating	lease,	such	as	certain	vehicle	sales	to	customers	or	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value
guarantee,	we	now	recognize	revenue	when	the	vehicles	are	shipped	as	a	sale	with	a	right	of	return.	As	a	result,	the	corresponding	operating	lease
asset,	deferred	revenue,	and	resale	value	guarantee	balances	as	of	December	31,	2017,	were	reclassified	to	accumulated	deficit	as	part	of	our	adoption
entry.	Furthermore,	the	warranty	liability	related	to	such	vehicles	has	been	accrued	as	a	result	of	the	change	from	in-substance	operating	leases	to
vehicle	sales.	Prepayments	on	contracts	that	can	be	cancelled	without	significant	penalties,	such	as	vehicle	maintenance	plans,	have	been	reclassified
from	deferred	revenue	to	customer	deposits.	Refer	to	the	
Automotive	Revenue
	and	
Automotive	Leasing	Revenue
	sections	below	for	further	discussion	of
the	impact	on	various	categories	of	vehicle	sales.
Following	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard,	the	revenue	recognition	for	our	other	sales	arrangements,	including	sales	of	solar	energy
systems,	energy	storage	products,	services,	and	sales	of	used	vehicles,	remained	consistent	with	our	historical	revenue	recognition	policy.	Under	our
lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	we	do	not	have	any	further	performance	obligations	and	therefore	reclassified	all	investment	tax	credit	(“ITC”)
deferred	revenue	as	of	December	31,	2017,	to	accumulated	deficit	as	part	of	our	adoption	entry.	The	corresponding	effects	of	the	changes	to	lease	pass-
through	fund	arrangements	are	also	reflected	in	our	non-controlling	interests	in	subsidiaries.	Additionally,	we	have	considered	the	impact	from	any	new
revenue	arrangements	in	the	current	year	that	would	have	been	accounted	for	differently	under	ASC	605,	
Revenue	Recognition
,	as	an	adjustment	from
adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard.
78	
Accordingly,	t
he	cumulative	effect	of	the	changes	made	to	our	consolidated	January	1,	2018	consolidated	balance	sheet	for	the	adoption	of	the
new	revenue	standard	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Balances	at
December	31,	2017
	
	
Adjustments
from	Adoption
of	New	Revenue
Standard
	
	
Balances	at
January	1,	2018
	
Assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Inventory
	
$
2,263,537
	
	
$
(27,009
)
	
$
2,236,528
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current
			assets
	
	
268,365
	
	
	
51,735
	
	
	
320,100
	
Operating	lease	vehicles,	net
	
	
4,116,604
	
	
	
(1,808,932
)
	
	
2,307,672
	
Other	assets
	
	
273,123
	
	
	
68,355
	
	
	
341,478
	
Liabilities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accrued	liabilities	and	other
	
	
1,731,366
	
	
	
74,487
	
	
	
1,805,853
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
1,015,253
	
	
	
(436,737
)
	
	
578,516
	
Resale	value	guarantees
	
	
787,333
	
	
	
(295,909
)
	
	
491,424
	
Customer	deposits
	
	
853,919
	
	
	
56,081
	
	
	
910,000
	
Deferred	revenue,	net	of	current
			portion
	
	
1,177,799
	
	
	
(429,771
)
	
	
748,028
	
Resale	value	guarantees,	net	of	current
			portion
	
	
2,309,222
	
	
	
(1,346,179
)
	
	
963,043
	
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
	
2,442,970
	
	
	
104,767
	
	
	
2,547,737
	
Redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
			in	subsidiaries
	
	
397,734
	
	
	
8,101
	
	
	
405,835
	
Equity
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accumulated	other	comprehensive
			income
	
	
33,348
	
	
	
15,221
	
	
	
48,569
	
Accumulated	deficit
	
	
(4,974,299
)
	
	
623,172
	
	
	
(4,351,127
)
Noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
997,346
	
	
	
(89,084
)
	
	
908,262
	
79	
In
	accordance	with	the	new	revenue	standard	requirements,	the	impact	of	adoption	on	our	consolidated	balance	sheet	was	as	follows	(in
thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,	2018
	
	
	
As	Reported
	
	
Balances	Without
Adoption	of	New
Revenue	Standard
	
	
Effect	of	Change
Higher	/	(Lower)
	
Assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Inventory
	
	
3,113,446
	
	
	
3,183,615
	
	
	
(70,169
)
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current
			assets
	
	
365,671
	
	
	
278,929
	
	
	
86,742
	
Operating	lease	vehicles,	net
	
	
2,089,758
	
	
	
4,103,277
	
	
	
(2,013,519
)
Other	assets
	
	
571,657
	
	
	
463,558
	
	
	
108,099
	
Liabilities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accrued	liabilities	and	other
	
	
2,094,253
	
	
	
2,005,180
	
	
	
89,073
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
630,292
	
	
	
1,122,427
	
	
	
(492,135
)
Resale	value	guarantees
	
	
502,840
	
	
	
831,350
	
	
	
(328,510
)
Customer	deposits
	
	
792,601
	
	
	
734,241
	
	
	
58,360
	
Deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
990,873
	
	
	
1,432,566
	
	
	
(441,693
)
Resale	value	guarantees,	net	of	current
			portion
	
	
328,926
	
	
	
1,994,442
	
	
	
(1,665,516
)
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
	
2,710,403
	
	
	
2,587,794
	
	
	
122,609
	
Redeemable	noncontrolling	interests
			in	subsidiaries
	
	
555,964
	
	
	
549,520
	
	
	
6,444
	
Equity
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accumulated	other	comprehensive	loss
	
	
(8,218
)
	
	
6,314
	
	
	
(14,532
)
Accumulated	deficit
	
	
(5,317,832
)
	
	
(6,163,834
)
	
	
846,002
	
Noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries
	
	
834,397
	
	
	
903,346
	
	
	
(68,949
)
	
80	
In
	accordance	with	the	new	revenue	standard	requirements,	the	impact	of	adoption	on	our	consolidated	statement	of	operations	and
consolidated	statement	of	comprehensive	loss	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,	2018
	
	
	
As	Reported
	
	
Balances	Without
Adoption	of	New
Revenue	Standard
	
	
Effect	of
Change
Higher	/
(Lower)
	
Revenues
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive	sales
	
$
17,631,522
	
	
$
16,228,508
	
	
$
1,403,014
	
Automotive	leasing
	
	
883,461
	
	
	
1,716,136
	
	
	
(832,675
)
Energy	generation	and	storage
	
	
1,555,244
	
	
	
1,540,419
	
	
	
14,825
	
Cost	of	revenues
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Automotive	sales
	
	
13,685,572
	
	
	
12,715,818
	
	
	
969,754
	
Automotive	leasing
	
	
488,425
	
	
	
1,112,828
	
	
	
(624,403
)
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Provision	for	income	taxes
	
	
57,837
	
	
	
59,332
	
	
	
(1,495
)
Net	loss
	
	
(1,062,582
)
	
	
(1,303,890
)
	
	
241,308
	
Net	loss	attributable	to	noncontrolling
			interests	and	redeemable
			noncontrolling	interests	in
			subsidiaries
	
	
(86,491
)
	
	
(104,969
)
	
	
18,478
	
Net	loss	attributable	to	common
			stockholders
	
	
(976,091
)
	
	
(1,198,921
)
	
	
222,830
	
Foreign	currency	translation
			adjustment
	
	
(41,566
)
	
	
(11,813
)
	
	
(29,753
)
Comprehensive	loss
	
	
(1,017,657
)
	
	
(1,210,734
)
	
	
193,077
	
In	accordance	with	the	new	revenue	standard	requirements,	the	impact	of	adoption	on	our	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows	for	the	year
ended	December	31,	2018	was	an	increase	in	collateralized	lease	repayments	of	$474.2	million,	from	a	net	financing	cash	outflow	of	$84.9	million	to	a
net	financing	cash	outflow	of	$559.2	million	as	presented,	with	an	offsetting	increase	to	cash	outflows	from	operations.	Additionally,	the	adjustments	to
the	consolidated	balance	sheet,	consolidated	statement	of	operations	and	consolidated	statement	of	comprehensive	income	(loss)	identified	above	would
have	corresponding	impacts	within	the	operating	section	of	the	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows.
Automotive	Segment
Automotive	Sales	Revenue
Automotive	Sales	without	Resale	Value	Guarantee
Automotive	sales	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	deliveries	of	new	vehicles,	and	specific	other	features	and	services	that	meet	the
definition	of	a	performance	obligation	under	the	new	revenue	standard,	including	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity,	Autopilot,
full	self-driving	and	over-the-air	software	updates.	We	recognize	revenue	on	automotive	sales	upon	delivery	to	the	customer,	which	is	when	the	control
of	a	vehicle	transfers.	Payments	are	typically	received	at	the	point	control	transfers	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business.
Other	features	and	services	such	as	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity	and	over-the-air	software	updates	are	provisioned	upon
control	transfer	of	a	vehicle	and	recognized	over	time	on	a	straight-line	basis	as	we	have	a	stand-ready	obligation	to	deliver	such	services	to	the
customer.	We	recognize	revenue	related	to	these	other	features	and	services	over	the	performance	period,	which	is	generally	the	expected	ownership
life	of	the	vehicle	or	the	eight-year	life	of	the	vehicle.	Revenue	related	to	Autopilot	and	full	self-driving	features	is	recognized	when	functionality	is
delivered	to	the	customer.	For	our	obligations	related	to	automotive	sales,	we	estimate	standalone	selling	price	by	considering	costs	used	to	develop
and	deliver	the	service,	third-party	pricing	of	similar	options	and	other	information	that	may	be	available.
81	
At	the	time	of	revenue	recognition,	we	reduce	the	transaction	price	and	record	a	reserve	against	revenue	for	estimated	variable	consideration
related	to	future	product	returns.	Such	estimates	are
	based	on	historical	experience	and	are	immaterial	in	all	periods	presented.	In	addition,	any	fees
that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	customer’s	lender	when	we	arrange	the	financing	are	recognized	as	an	offset	against	automotive	sales	revenue.
Costs	to	obtain	a	contract	mainly	relate	to	commissions	paid	to	our	sales	personnel	for	the	sale	of	vehicles.	Commissions	are	not	paid	on	other
obligations	such	
as
	
access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity,	Autopilot,	full	self-driving	and	over-the-air	software	updates.
	As	our
contract	costs	related	to	automotive	sales	are	typically	fulfilled	within	one	year,	the	costs	to	obtain	a	contract	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Amounts	billed
to	customers	related	to	shipping	and	handling	are	classified	as	automotive	revenue,	and	we	have	elected	to	recognize	the	cost	for	freight	and	shipping
when	control	over	vehicles,	parts,	or	accessories	have	transferred	to	the	customer	as	an	expense	in	cost	of	revenues.	Our	policy	is	to	exclude	taxes
collected	from	a	customer	from	the	transaction	price	of	automotive	contracts.
Automotive	Sales	with	Resale	Value	Guarantee
We	offer	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buy-back	terms	to	certain	international	customers	who	purchase	vehicles	and	who	finance	their
vehicles	through	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners.	We	also	offer	resale	value	guarantees	in	connection	with	automotive	sales	to	certain
leasing	partners.	Under	these	programs,	we	receive	full	payment	for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	the	time	of	delivery	and	our	counterparty	has	the	option
of	selling	their	vehicle	back	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	which	currently	is	generally	at	the	end	of	the	term	of	the	applicable	loan	or	financing
program,	for	a	pre-determined	resale	value.
With	the	exception	of	two	programs	which	are	discussed	within	the	
Automotive	Leasing
	section,	we	now	recognize	revenue	when	control
transfers	upon	delivery	to	customers	in	accordance	with	the	new	revenue	standard	as	a	sale	with	a	right	of	return	as	we	do	not	believe	the	customer	has
a	significant	economic	incentive	to	exercise	the	resale	value	guarantee	provided	to	them.	The	process	to	determine	whether	there	is	a	significant
economic	incentive	includes	a	comparison	of	a	vehicle’s	estimated	market	value	at	the	time	the	option	is	exercisable	with	the	guaranteed	resale	value	to
determine	the	customer’s	economic	incentive	to	exercise.	The	performance	obligations	and	the	pattern	of	recognizing	automotive	sales	with	resale
value	guarantees	are	consistent	with	automotive	sales	without	resale	value	guarantees	with	the	exception	of	our	estimate	for	sales	return	reserve.	Sales
return	reserves	for	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantees	are	estimated	based	on	historical	experience	plus	consideration	for	expected	future
market	values.	The	two	programs	that	are	still	being	recorded	as	operating	leases	are	discussed	in	further	detail	below	in	
Vehicle	Sales	to	Leasing
Partners	with	a	Resale	Value	Guarantee	and	a	Buyback	Option
	and	
Vehicle	Sales	to	Customers	with	a	Resale	Value	Guarantee	where	Exercise	is
Probable.
Prior	to	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard,	all	transactions	with	resale	value	guarantees	were	recorded	as	operating	leases.	The	amount
of	sale	proceeds	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	was	deferred	until	the	guarantee	expired	or	was	exercised.	
For	certain	transactions	that	were
considered	interest	bearing	collateralized	borrowings	as	required	under	ASC	840,	
Leases
,	we	also	accrued	interest	expense	based	on	our	borrowing
rate.	
The	remaining	sale	proceeds	were	deferred	and	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	stated	guarantee	period	to	automotive	leasing
revenue.	The	guarantee	period	expired	at	the	earlier	of	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period	or	the	pay-off	of	the	initial	loan.	We	capitalized	the	cost	of	these
vehicles	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	and	depreciated	their	value,	less	estimated	residual	value,	to	cost	of
automotive	leasing	revenue	over	the	same	period.
In	cases	where	our	counterparty	retained	ownership	of	the	vehicle	at	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period,	the	resale	value	guarantee	liability	and
any	remaining	deferred	revenue	balances	related	to	the	vehicle	were	settled	to	automotive	leasing	revenue,	and	the	net	book	value	of	the	leased	vehicle
was	expensed	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.	If	our	counterparty	returned	the	vehicle	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	we	purchased	the
vehicle	from	our	counterparty	in	an	amount	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	and	settled	any	remaining	deferred	balances	to	automotive	leasing
revenue,	and	we	reclassified	the	net	book	value	of	the	vehicle	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	to	used	vehicle	inventory.
82	
Deferred	revenue	activity	related	to	the	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity,	Autopilot,	full	self-driving	and	over-the-air
software	updates	on	automotive	sales	with	and	without	resale	value	guarantee	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended
December	31,	2018
	
Deferred	revenue	on	automotive	sales	with	and	without	resale	value
			guarantee—	beginning	of	period	(post	adoption	of	new	revenue
			standard)
	
$
475,919
	
Additions
	
	
532,294
	
Net	changes	in	liability	for	pre-existing	contracts
	
	
(13,248
)
Revenue	recognized
	
	
(112,214
)
Deferred	revenue	on	automotive	sales	with	and	without	resale	value
			guarantee—	end	of	period
	
$
882,751
	
Deferred	revenue	is	equivalent	to	the	total	transaction	price	allocated	to	the	performance	obligations	that	are	unsatisfied,	or	partially
unsatisfied,	as	of	December	31,	2018.	From	the	deferred	revenue	balance	as	of	January	1,	2018,	revenue	recognized	during	the	year	ended
December	31,	2018	was	$81.0	million.	Of	the	total	deferred	revenue	on	automotive	sales	with	and	without	resale	value	guarantees,	we	expect	to
recognize	$326.7	million	of	revenue	in	the	next	12	months.	The	remaining	balance	will	be	recognized	over	the	performance	period	as	discussed	above	in
Automotive	Sales	without	Resale	Value	Guarantee
.
Automotive	Regulatory	Credits
California	and	certain	other	states	have	laws	in	place	requiring	vehicle	manufacturers	to	ensure	that	a	portion	of	the	vehicles	delivered	for	sale	in
that	state	during	each	model	year	are	zero-emission	vehicles.	These	laws	and	regulations	provide	that	a	manufacturer	of	zero-emission	vehicles	may	earn
regulatory	credits	(“ZEV	credits”)	and	may	sell	excess	credits	to	other	manufacturers	who	apply	such	credits	to	comply	with	these	regulatory
requirements.	Similar	regulations	exist	at	the	federal	level	that	require	compliance	related	to	greenhouse	gas	(“GHG”)	emissions	and	also	allow	for	the	sale
of	excess	credits	by	one	manufacturer	to	other	manufacturers.	As	a	manufacturer	solely	of	zero-emission	vehicles,	we	have	earned	emission	credits,	such
as	ZEV	and	GHG	credits,	on	our	vehicles,	and	we	expect	to	continue	to	earn	these	credits	in	the	future.	We	enter	into	contractual	agreements	with	third-
parties	to	purchase	our	regulatory	credits.	Payments	for	regulatory	credits	are	typically	received	at	the	point	control	transfers	to	the	customer,	or	in
accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business.
We	recognize	revenue	on	the	sale	of	regulatory	credits	at	the	time	control	of	the	regulatory	credits	is	transferred	to	the	purchasing	party	as
automotive	revenue	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations.	Revenue	from	the	sale	of	regulatory	credits	totaled	$418.6	million,	$360.3	million	and
$302.3	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017	and	2016,	respectively.	We	had	no	deferred	revenue	related	to	sales	of	automotive
regulatory	credits	as	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017.
Automotive	Leasing	Revenue
Automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	revenue	recognized	under	lease	accounting	guidance	for	our	direct	leasing	programs	as	well	as	the	two
programs	with	resale	value	guarantees	which	continue	to	qualify	for	operating	lease	treatment.	Prior	to	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard,	all
programs	with	resale	value	guarantees	were	accounted	for	as	operating	leases.
83	
Direct	Vehicle	Leasing	Program
We	have	outstanding	leases	under	our	direct	vehicle	leasing	programs	in	certain	locations	in	the	U.S.,	Canada	and	Europe
.	Currently,	the	direct
vehicle	leasing	program	is	only	offered	for	new	leases	to	qualified	customers	in	the	U.S.	and	Canada.	Qualifying	customers	are	permitted	to	lease	a
vehicle	directly	from	Tesla	for	up	to	48	months.	At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	customers	have	the	option	of	either	returning	the	vehicle	to	us	or
purchasing	it	for	a	pre-determined	residual	value.	We	account	for	these	leasing	transactions	as	operating	leases.	We	record	leasing	revenues	to
automotive	leasing	revenue
	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	contractual	term,	and	we	record	the	depreciation	of	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive
leasing	revenue.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017	and	2016,	we	recognized	$393.2	million,	$220.6	million	and	$112.7	million,
respectively.	As	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017,	we	had	deferred	$109.8	million	and	$96.6	million,	respectively,	of	lease-related	upfront	payments,
which	will	be	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	contractual	terms	of	the	individual	leases.
We	capitalize	shipping	costs	and	initial	direct	costs	such	as	the	incremental	cost	of	contract	administration,	referral	fees	and	sales	commissions
from	the	origination	of	automotive	lease	agreements	as	an	element	of	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	and	subsequently	amortize	these	costs	over	the	term
of	the	related	lease	agreement.	Our	policy	is	to	exclude	taxes	collected	from	a	customer	from	the	transaction	price	of	automotive	contracts.
Vehicle	Sales	to	Leasing	Partners	with	a	Resale	Value	Guarantee	and	a	Buyback	Option
We	offer	buyback	options	in	connection	with	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantees	with	certain	leasing	partner	sales	in	the	United
States.	These	transactions	entail	a	transfer	of	leases,	which	we	have	originated	with	an	end-customer,	to	our	leasing	partner.	As	control	of	the	vehicles
has	not	been	transferred	in	accordance	with	the	new	revenue	standard,	these	transactions	continue	to	be	accounted	for	as	interest	bearing
collateralized	borrowings	in	accordance	with	ASC	840,	
Leases
.	Under	this	program,	cash	is	received	for	the	full	price	of	the	vehicle	and	the
collateralized	borrowing	value	is	generally	recorded	within	resale	value	guarantees	and	the	customer	upfront	deposit	is	recorded	within	deferred
revenue.	We	amortize	the	deferred	revenue	amount	to	automotive	leasing	revenue	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	option	period	and	accrue	interest
expense	based	on	our	borrowing	rate.	We	capitalize	vehicles	under	this	program	to	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet,	and
we	record	depreciation	from	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	during	the	period	the	vehicle	is	under	a	lease	arrangement.	Cash
received	for	these	vehicles,	net	of	revenue	recognized	during	the	period,	is	classified	as	collateralized	lease	(repayments)	borrowings	within	cash	flows
from	financing	activities	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows.
At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	we	settle	our	liability	in	cash	by	either	purchasing	the	vehicle	from	the	leasing	partner	for	the	buyback	option
amount	or	paying	a	shortfall	to	the	option	amount	the	leasing	partner	may	realize	on	the	sale	of	the	vehicle.	Any	remaining	balances	within	deferred
revenue	and	resale	value	guarantee	will	be	settled	to	automotive	leasing	revenue.	In	cases	where	the	leasing	partner	retains	ownership	of	the	vehicle
after	the	end	of	our	option	period,	we	expense	the	net	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue
.	The	maximum	amount	we	could
be	required	to	pay	under	this	program,	should	we	decide	to	repurchase	all	vehicles,	was	$479.8
	
million	as	of	December	31,	2018,	including
$309.8
	
million	within	a	12-month	period.
	
As	of	December	31,	2018
,
	we	had	$558.3
	million
	of	such	borrowings	recorded	in	resale	value	guarantees	and
$92.5
	
million	recorded	in	deferred	revenue	liability.
	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,	we	recognized	$332.4	million	of	leasing	revenue	related	to
this	program.
On	a	quarterly	basis,	we	assess	the	estimated	market	values	of	vehicles	under	our	buyback	options	program	to	determine	if	we	have	sustained	a
loss	on	any	of	these	contracts.	As	we	accumulate	more	data	related	to	the	buyback	values	of	our	vehicles	or	as	market	conditions	change,	there	may	be
material	changes	to	their	estimated	values,	although	we	have	not	experienced	any	material	losses	during	any	period	to	date.
84	
Vehicle
	S
ales
	to	Customers	with	a	Resale	Value	Guarantee	where	Exercise	is	Probable
For	certain	international	programs	where	we	have	offered	resale	value	guarantees	to	certain	customers	who	purchased	vehicles	and	where	we
expect	the	customer	has	a	significant	economic	incentive	to	exercise	the	resale	value	guarantee	provided	to	them,	we	continue	to	recognize	these
transactions	as	operating	leases.	The	process	to	determine	whether	there	is	a	significant	economic	incentive	includes	a	comparison	of	a	vehicle’s
estimated	market	value	at	the	time	the	option	is	exercisable	with	the	guaranteed	resale	value	to	determine	the	customer’s	economic	incentive	to
exercise.	We	have	not	sold	any	vehicles	under	this	program	since	the	first	half	of	2017	and	all	current	period	activity	relates	to	the	exercise	or
cancellation	of	active	transactions.	The	amount	of	sale	proceeds	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	is	deferred	until	the	guarantee	expires	or	is
exercised.	The	remaining	sale	proceeds	are	deferred	and	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	stated	guarantee	period	to	automotive	leasing
revenue.	The	guarantee	period	expires	at	the	earlier	of	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period	or	the	pay-off	of	the	initial	loan.	We	capitalize	the	cost	of	these
vehicles	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	and	depreciate	their	value,	less	salvage	value,	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing
revenue	over	the	same	period.
In	cases	where	a	customer	retains	ownership	of	a	vehicle	at	the	end	of	the	guarantee	period,	the	resale	value	guarantee	liability	and	any
remaining	deferred	revenue	balances	related	to	the	vehicle	are	settled	to	automotive	leasing	revenue,	and	the	net	book	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	is
expensed	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.	If	a	customer	returns	the	vehicle	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	we	purchase	the	vehicle	from	the
customer	in	an	amount	equal	to	the	resale	value	guarantee	and	settle	any	remaining	deferred	balances	to	automotive	leasing	revenue,	and	we	reclassify
the	net	book	value	of	the	vehicle	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	to	used	vehicle	inventory.	As	of	December	31,	2018,	$149.7	million	of	the	guarantees
were	exercisable	by	customers	within	the	next	12	months.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,	we	recognized	$157.9	million	of	leasing	revenue
related	to	this	program.	
Services	and	Other	Revenue
Services	and	other	revenue	consists	of	non-warranty	after-sales	vehicle	services,	sales	of	used	vehicles,	sales	of	electric	vehicle	components	to
other	manufacturers,	retail	merchandise,	and	sales	by	our	acquired	subsidiaries	to	third	party	customers.	There	were	no	significant	changes	to	the
timing	or	amount	of	revenue	recognition	as	a	result	of	our	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard.
Revenues	related	to	repair	and	maintenance	services	are	recognized	over	time	as	services	are	provided	and	extended	service	plans	are
recognized	over	the	performance	period	of	the	service	contract	as	the	obligation	represents	a	stand-ready	obligation	to	the	customer.	We	sell	used
vehicles,	services,	service	plans,	vehicle	components	and	merchandise	separately	and	thus	use	standalone	selling	prices	as	the	basis	for	revenue
allocation	to	the	extent	that	these	items	are	sold	in	transactions	with	other	performance	obligations.	Payment	for	used	vehicles,	services,	and
merchandise	are	typically	received	at	the	point	when	control	transfers	to	the	customer	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business.
Payments	received	for	prepaid	plans	are	refundable	upon	customer	cancellation	of	the	related	contracts	and	are	included	within	customer	deposits	on
the	consolidated	balance	sheet.	Deferred	revenue	related	to	services	and	other	revenue	was	immaterial	as	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017.
	
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Segment
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Sales
Energy	generation	and	storage	revenues	consists	of	the	sale	of	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage	systems	to	residential,	small
commercial,	and	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	customers.	Sales	of	solar	energy	systems	to	residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers
consist	of	the	engineering,	design,	and	installation	of	the	system.	Post	installation,	residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	receive	a
proprietary	monitoring	system	that	captures	and	displays	historical	energy	generation	data.	Residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	pay	the
full	purchase	price	of	the	solar	energy	system	upfront.	Revenue	for	the	design	and	installation	obligation	is	recognized	when	control	transfers,	which	is
when	we	install	a	solar	energy	system	and	the	system	passes	inspection	by	the	utility	or	the	authority	having	jurisdiction.	Revenue	for	the	monitoring
service	is	recognized	ratably	as	a	stand-ready	obligation	over	the	warranty	period	of	the	solar	energy	system.	
Sales	of	energy	storage	systems	to
residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	consist	of	the	installation	of	the	energy	storage	system	and	revenue	is	recognized	when	control
transfers,	which	is	when	the	product	has	been	delivered	or,	if	we	are	performing	installation,	when	installed	and	accepted	by	the	customer.	Payment	for
such	storage	systems	is	made	upon	invoice	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business.
85	
For	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	sales	which	consist	of	the	engineering,	design,	and
installation	of	the	system,	customers	make	milestone	payments	that	are	consistent	with	contract-specific	phases	of	a	project.	Revenue	from	such
contracts	is	recognized	over	time	using	the	percentage	of	completion	method	based	on	cost	incurred	as	a	percentage	of	total	estimated	contract	costs.
Certain	large-scale	commercial	and	utility	grade	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	sales	also	include	operations	and	maintenance	service
which	are	negotiated	with	the	design	and	installation	contracts	and	are	thus	considered	to	be	a	combined	contract	with	the	design	and	installation
service.	For	certain	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage	systems	where	the	percentage	of	completion	method
does	not	apply,	
revenue	is	recognized	when	control	transfers,	which	is	when	the	product	has	been	delivered	to	the	customer	for	energy	storage	systems
and	when	the	project	has	received	permission	to	operate	from	the	utility	for	solar	energy	systems.	
Operations	and	maintenance	service	revenue	is
recognized	ratably	over	the	respective	contract	term.	Customer	payments	for	such	services	are	usually	paid	annually	or	quarterly	in	advance.
In	instances	where	there	are	multiple	performance	obligations	in	a	single	contract,	we	allocate	the	consideration	to	the	various	obligations	in
the	contract	based	on	the	relative	standalone	selling	price	method.	Standalone	selling	prices	are	estimated	based	on	estimated	costs	plus	margin	or
using	market	data	for	comparable	products.	Costs	incurred	on	the	sale	of	residential	installations	before	the	solar	energy	systems	are	completed	are
included	as	work	in	process	within	inventory	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	However,	any	fees	that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	solar	loan	lender
would	be	recognized	as	an	offset	against	revenue.	Costs	to	obtain	a	contract	relate	mainly	to	commissions	paid	to	our	sales	personnel	related	to	the	sale
of	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage	systems.	As	our	contract	costs	related	to	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	sales	are	typically
fulfilled	within	one	year,	the	costs	to	obtain	a	contract	are	expensed	as	incurred.
As	part	of	our	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	contracts,	we	may	provide	the	customer	with	performance	guarantees	that
warrant	that	the	underlying	system	will	meet	or	exceed	the	minimum	energy	generation	or	retention	requirements	specified	in	the	contract.	In	certain
instances,	we	may	receive	a	bonus	payment	if	the	system	performs	above	a	specified	level.	Conversely,	if	a	solar	energy	system	or	energy	storage
system	does	not	meet	the	performance	guarantee	requirements,	we	may	be	required	to	pay	liquidated	damages.	Other	forms	of	variable	consideration
related	to	our	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	contracts	include	variable	customer	payments	that	will
be	made	based	on	our	energy	market	participation	activities.	Such	guarantees	and	variable	customer	payments	represent	a	form	of	variable
consideration	and	are	estimated	at	contract	inception	at	their	most	likely	amount	and	updated	at	the	end	of	each	reporting	period	as	additional
performance	data	becomes	available.	Such	estimates	are	included	in	the	transaction	price	only	to	the	extent	that	it	is	probable	a	significant	reversal	of
revenue	will	not	occur.
We	record	as	deferred	revenue	any	non-refundable	amounts	that	are	collected	from	customers	related	to	fees	charged	for	prepayments	and
remote	monitoring	service	and	operations	and	maintenance	service,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	ratably	over	the	respective	customer	contract	term.
As	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017,	deferred	revenue	related	to	such	customer	payments	amounted	to	$148.7	million	and	$124.0	million,	respectively.
Revenue	recognized	from	the	deferred	revenue	balance	as	of	January	1,	2018,	was	$41.4	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018.	We	have
elected	the	practical	expedient	to	omit	disclosure	of	the	amount	of	the	transaction	price	allocated	to	remaining	performance	obligations	for	energy
generation	and	storage	sales	with	an	original	expected	contract	length	of	one	year	or	less.	As	of	December	31,	2018,	total	transaction	price	allocated	to
performance	obligations	that	were	unsatisfied	or	partially	unsatisfied	for	contracts	with	an	original	expected	length	of	more	than	one	year	was
$117.9	million.	Of	this	amount,	we	expect	to	recognize	$7.0	million	in	the	next	12	months	and	the	remaining	over	a	period	up	to	30	years.
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Leasing
For	revenue	arrangements	where	we	are	the	lessor	under	operating	lease	agreements	for	
energy	generation	and	storage	products
,	we	record
lease	revenue	from	minimum	lease	payments,	including	upfront	rebates	and	incentives	earned	from	such	systems,	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	life	of
the	lease	term,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.	The	difference	between	the	payments	received	and	the	revenue
recognized	is	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
86	
For	solar	energy	systems	where	customers	purchase	electricity	from	us	under	power	purchase	agreements	(“PPAs”),	we	have	determined	that
these	agreements	should	be	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	pursuant	to	ASC	840.	Revenue	is	recognized	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	delivered
at	rates	specified	under	the	contracts,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	met.
We	record	as	deferred	revenue	any	amounts	that	are	collected	from	customers,	including	lease	prepayments,	in	excess	of	revenue	recognized
and	operations	and	maintenance	service,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	ratably	over	the	respective	customer	contract	term.	As	of	December	31,	2018
and	2017,	deferred	revenue	related	to	such	customer	payments	amounted	to	$225.4	million	and	$206.8	million,	respectively.	Deferred	revenue	also
includes	the	portion	of	rebates	and	incentives	received	from	utility	companies	and	various	local	and	state	government	agencies,	which	is	recognized	as
revenue	over	the	lease	term.	As	of	December	31,	2018	and	December	31,	2017,	deferred	revenue	from	rebates	and	incentives	amounted	to
$36.8	million	and	$27.2	million,	respectively.
We	capitalize	initial	direct	costs	from	the	origination	of	solar	energy	system	leases	or	PPAs,	which	include	the	incremental	cost	of	contract
administration,	referral	fees	and	sales	commissions,	as	an	element	of	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	and	subsequently	amortize
these	costs	over	the	term	of	the	related	lease	or	PPA.
Revenue	by	source
The	following	table	disaggregates	our	revenue	by	major	source	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,	2018
	
Automotive	sales	without	resale	value	guarantee
	
$
15,809,890
	
Automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantee
	
	
1,403,014
	
Automotive	regulatory	credits
	
	
418,618
	
Energy	generation	and	storage	sales
	
	
1,056,543
	
Services	and	other
	
	
1,391,041
	
Total	revenues	from	sales	and	services
	
	
20,079,106
	
Automotive	leasing
	
	
883,461
	
Energy	generation	and	storage	leasing
	
	
498,701
	
Total	revenues
	
$
21,461,268
	
	
Cost	of	Revenues
Automotive	Segment
Automotive	Sales
Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead,	including	depreciation	costs	of
tooling	and	machinery,	shipping	and	logistic	costs,	vehicle	connectivity	costs,	allocations	of	electricity	and	infrastructure	costs	related	to	our
Supercharger	network,	and	reserves	for	estimated	warranty	expenses.	Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenues	also	includes	adjustments	to	warranty	expense
and	charges	to	write	down	the	carrying	value	of	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	obsolete	and	on-
hand	inventory	in	excess	of	forecasted	demand
.
Automotive	Leasing
Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	primarily	the	amortization	of	operating	lease	vehicles	over	the	lease	term,	as	well	as	warranty
expenses	recognized	as	incurred.	Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	also	includes	vehicle	connectivity	costs	and	allocations	of	electricity	and
infrastructure	costs	related	to	our	Supercharger	network	for	vehicles	under	our	leasing	programs
.
Services	and	Other
Costs	of	services	and	other	revenue	includes	costs	associated	with	providing	non-warranty	after-sales	
services
,	costs	to	acquire	and	certify	used
vehicles,	and	costs	for	retail	merchandise.	Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	also	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing
overhead	associated	with	the	sales	of	electric	vehicle	components	and	systems	to	other	manufacturers	and	sales	by	our	acquired	subsidiaries	to	third
party	customers
.
87	
Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Segment
Energy	Generation	and	Storage
Energy	generation	and	storage	cost	of	revenue	includes	direct	and	indirect	material	and	labor	costs,	warehouse	rent,	freight,	warranty	expense,
other	overhead	costs	and	amortization	of	certain	acquired	intangible	assets.	In	addition,	where	arrangements	are	accounted	for	as	operating	leases,	the
cost	of	revenue	is	primarily	comprised	of	depreciation	of	the	cost	of	leased	solar	energy	systems,	maintenance	costs	associated	with	those	systems	and
amortization	of	any	initial	direct	costs.
	
Research	and	Development	Costs
Research	and	development	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.
Marketing,	Promotional	and	Advertising	Costs
Marketing,	promotional	and	advertising	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred	and	are	included	as	an	element	of	selling,	general	and	administrative
expense	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations.	We	incurred	marketing,	promotional	and	advertising	costs	of	$70.0	million,	$66.5	million	and
$48.0	million	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017	and	2016,	respectively.
Income	Taxes
Income	taxes	are	computed	using	the	asset	and	liability	method,	under	which	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	determined	based	on	the
difference	between	the	financial	statement	and	tax	bases	of	assets	and	liabilities	using	enacted	tax	rates	in	effect	for	the	year	in	which	the	differences
are	expected	to	affect	taxable	income.	Valuation	allowances	are	established	when	necessary	to	reduce	deferred	tax	assets	to	the	amount	expected	to	be
realized.
We	record	liabilities	related	to	uncertain	tax	positions	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believe	that	it	is
more	likely	than	not	that	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	Accrued	interest	and	penalties	related	to
unrecognized	tax	benefits	are	classified	as	income	tax	expense.
Comprehensive	Income	(Loss)
Comprehensive	income	(loss)	is	comprised	of	net	income	(loss)	and	other	comprehensive	income	(loss).	Other	comprehensive	
income
	(loss)
consists	of	unrealized	gains	and	losses	on	cash	flow	hedges	and	available-for-sale	marketable	securities	and	foreign	currency	translation	adjustments
that	have	been	excluded	from	the	determination	of	net	income	(loss).
Stock-Based	Compensation
We	recognize	compensation	expense	for	costs	related	to	all	share-based	payments,	including	stock	options,	restricted	stock	units	(“RSUs”)	and
our	employee	stock	purchase	plan	(the	“ESPP”).	The	fair	value	of	stock	option	awards	with	only	service	conditions	and	the	ESPP	is	estimated	on	the
grant	or	offering	date	using	the	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair
market	value	of	our	common	stock.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	requisite	service	period,	net	of
actual	forfeitures	in	the	period	(prior	to	2017,	net	of	estimated	projected	forfeitures).	Stock-based	compensation	associated	with	awards	assumed	from
the	acquisition	of	SolarCity	Corporation	(“SolarCity”)	is	measured	as	of	the	acquisition	date	using	the	relevant	assumptions	and	recognized	on	a
straight-line	basis	over	the	remaining	requisite	service	period,	net	of	actual	forfeitures	in	the	period	(prior	to	2017,	net	of	estimated	projected
forfeitures).
88	
For	performance-based	awards,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	over	the	expected	performance	achievement	period	of
individual	performance	milestones	when	the	achievement	of	each	individual	performance	milestone	becomes	probable.	For	performance-based	awards
with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	and	market	conditions,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized
for	each	pair	of	performance	and	market	conditions	over	the	longer	of	the	expected	achievement	period	of	the	performance	and	market	conditions,
beginning	at	the	point	in	time	that	the	relevant	performance	condition	is	considered	probable	of	achievement.	The	fair	value	of	such	awards	is
estimated	on	the	grant	date	using	Monte	Carlo	simulations	(see	Note	
15,
	
Equity	Incentive	Plans
).
As	we	accumulate	additional	employee	stock-based	awards	data	over	time	and	as	we	incorporate	market	data	related	to	our	common	stock,	we
may	calculate	significantly	different	volatilities	and	expected	lives,	which	could	materially	impact	the	valuation	of	our	stock-based	awards	and	the	stock-
based	compensation	expense	that	we	will	recognize	in	future	periods.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recorded	in	cost	of	revenues,	research	and
development	expense	and	selling,	general	and	administrative	expense	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.
Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests
Noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	represent	third-party	interests	in	the	net	assets	under	certain	funding
arrangements,	or	funds,	that	we	enter	into	to	finance	the	costs	of	solar	energy	systems	and	vehicles	under	operating	leases.	We	have	determined	that
the	contractual	provisions	of	the	funds	represent	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements.	We	have	further	determined	that	the	appropriate
methodology	for	calculating	the	noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	that	reflects	the	substantive	profit	sharing
arrangements	is	a	balance	sheet	approach	using	the	hypothetical	liquidation	at	book	value	(“HLBV”)	method.	We,	therefore,	determine	the	amount	of
the	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	at	each	balance	sheet	date	using	the	HLBV	method,
which	is	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries.
Under	the	HLBV	method,	the	amounts	reported	as	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheet
represent	the	amounts	the	third-parties	would	hypothetically	receive	at	each	balance	sheet	date	under	the	liquidation	provisions	of	the	funds,	assuming
the	net	assets	of	the	funds	were	liquidated	at	their	recorded	amounts	determined	in	accordance	with	GAAP	and	with	tax	laws	effective	at	the	balance
sheet	date	and	distributed	to	the	third-parties.	The	third-parties’	interests	in	the	results	of	operations	of	the	funds	are	determined	as	the	difference	in
the	noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	between	the	start	and	end	of	each
reporting	period,	after	taking	into	account	any	capital	transactions	between	the	funds	and	the	third-parties.	However,	the	redeemable	noncontrolling
interest	balance	is	at	least	equal	to	the	redemption	amount.	The	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	presented	as	temporary	equity	in	the
mezzanine	section	of	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	since	these	third-parties	have	the	right	to	redeem	their	interests	in	the	funds	for	cash	or	other
assets.
Net	Income	(Loss)	per	Share	of	Common	Stock	Attributable	to	Common	Stockholders
Basic	net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to	common	stockholders	is	calculated	by	dividing	net	income	(loss)	attributable
to	common	stockholders	by	the	weighted-average	shares	of	common	stock	outstanding	for	the	period.	Potentially	dilutive	shares,	which	are	based	on	the
weighted-average	shares	of	common	stock	underlying	outstanding	stock-based	awards,	warrants	and	convertible	senior	notes	using	the	treasury	stock
method	or	the	if-converted	method,	as	applicable,	are	included	when	calculating	diluted	net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to
common	stockholders	when	their	effect	is	dilutive.	Since	we	intend	to	settle	in	cash	the	principal	outstanding	under	the	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes
due	in	2019,	the	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2021	and	the	2.375%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2022,	we	use	the	treasury	stock	method
when	calculating	their	potential	dilutive	effect,	if	any.	Furthermore,	in	connection	with	the	offerings	of	our	bond	hedges,	we	entered	into	convertible
note	hedges	(see	Note	13,	
Long-Term	Debt	Obligations
).	However,	our	convertible	note	hedges	are	not	included	when	calculating	potentially	dilutive
shares	since	their	effect	is	always	anti-dilutive.
	
89	
The	following	table	presents	the	potentially	dilutive	shares	that	were	excluded	from	the	computation	of	diluted	net	income	(loss)	per	share	of
common	stock	attributable	to	common	stockholders,	because	their	effect	was	anti-dilutive:
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Stock-based	awards
	
	
9,928,789
	
	
	
10,456,363
	
	
	
12,091,473
	
Convertible	senior	notes
	
	
1,432,656
	
	
	
2,315,463
	
	
	
841,191
	
Warrants
	
	
214,213
	
	
	
579,137
	
	
	
262,702
	
	
Business	Combinations
We	account	for	business	acquisitions	under	ASC	805,	
Business	Combinations
.	The	total	purchase	consideration	for	an	acquisition	is	measured	as
the	fair	value	of	the	assets	given,	equity	instruments	issued	and	liabilities	assumed	at	the	acquisition	date.	Costs	that	are	directly	attributable	to	the
acquisition	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Identifiable	assets	(including	intangible	assets),	liabilities	assumed	(including	contingent	liabilities)	and
noncontrolling	interests	in	an	acquisition	are	measured	initially	at	their	fair	values	at	the	acquisition	date.	We	recognize	goodwill	if	the	fair	value	of	the
total	purchase	consideration	and	any	noncontrolling	interests	is	in	excess	of	the	net	fair	value	of	the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities
assumed.	We	recognize	a	bargain	purchase	gain	within	other	income	(expense),	net,	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	if	the	net	fair	value	of
the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed	is	in	excess	of	the	fair	value	of	the	total	purchase	consideration	and	any	noncontrolling
interests.	We	include	the	results	of	operations	of	the	acquired	business	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	beginning	on	the	acquisition	date.
Cash	and	Cash	Equivalents
All	highly	liquid	investments	with	an	original	maturity	of	three	months	or	less	at	the	date	of	purchase	are	considered	cash	equivalents.	Our	cash
equivalents	are	primarily	comprised	of	money	market	funds.
Restricted	Cash
We	maintain	certain	cash	balances	restricted	as	to	withdrawal	or	use.	Our	restricted	cash	is	comprised	primarily	of	cash	as	collateral	for	our
sales	to	lease	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee,	letters	of	credit,	real	estate	leases,	insurance	policies,	credit	card	borrowing	facilities	and	certain
operating	leases.	In	addition,	restricted	cash	includes	cash	received	from	certain	fund	investors	that	have	not	been	released	for	use	by	us	and	cash	held
to	service	certain	payments	under	various	secured	debt	facilities.
The	following	table	totals	cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash	as	reported	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets;	the	sums	are	presented
in	the	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
	
2015
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
$
3,685,618
	
	
$
3,367,914
	
	
$
3,393,216
	
	
$
1,196,908
	
Restricted	cash	(1)
	
	
192,551
	
	
	
155,323
	
	
	
105,519
	
	
	
5,961
	
Restricted	cash,	net	of	current
			portion
	
	
398,219
	
	
	
441,722
	
	
	
268,165
	
	
	
31,522
	
Total	as	presented	in	the
			consolidated	statements
			of	cash	flows
	
$
4,276,388
	
	
$
3,964,959
	
	
$
3,766,900
	
	
$
1,234,391
	
	
(1)
In	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	of	December	31,	2015,	the	restricted	cash	and	marketable	securities	balance	of	$22.6	million
included	$16.7	million	of	marketable	securities.	This	balance	of	marketable	securities	has	been	excluded	in	the	table	above.
	
90	
Accounts	Receivable	and	Allowance	for	Doubtful
	
Accounts
Accounts	receivable	primarily	include	amounts	related	to	sales	of	powertrain	systems,	sales	of	energy	generation	and	storage	products,
receivables	from	financial	institutions	and	leasing	companies	offering	various	financing	products	to	our	customers,	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other
automotive	manufacturers	and	maintenance	services	on	vehicles	owned	by	leasing	companies.	We	provide	an	allowance	against	accounts	receivable	to
the	amount	we	reasonably	believe	will	be	collected.	We	write-off	accounts	receivable	when	they	are	deemed	uncollectible.
We	typically	do	not	carry	significant	accounts	receivable	related	to	our	vehicle	and	related	sales	as	customer	payments	are	due	prior	to	vehicle
delivery,	except	for	amounts	due	from	commercial	financial	institutions	for	approved	financing	arrangements	between	our	customers	and	the	financial
institutions.
MyPower	Customer	Notes	Receivable
We	have	customer	notes	receivable	under	the	legacy	MyPower	loan	program.	MyPower	was	offered	by	SolarCity	to	provide	residential
customers	with	the	option	to	finance	the	purchase	of	a	solar	energy	system	through	a	30-year	loan.	The	outstanding	balances,	net	of	any	allowance	for
potentially	uncollectible	amounts,	are	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	a	component	of	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	for	the
current	portion	and	as	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable,	net	of	current	portion,	for	the	long-term	portion.	In	determining	the	allowance	and	credit
quality	for	customer	notes	receivable,	we	identify	significant	customers	with	known	disputes	or	collection	issues	and	also	consider	our	historical	level	of
credit	losses	and	current	economic	trends	that	might	impact	the	level	of	future	credit	losses.	Customer	notes	receivable	that	are	individually	impaired
are	charged-off	as	a	write-off	of	the	allowance	for	losses.	Since	acquisition,	there	have	been	no	new	significant	customers	with	known	disputes	or
collection	issues,	and	the	amount	of	potentially	uncollectible	amounts	has	been	insignificant.	In	addition,	there	were	no	material	non-accrual	or	past	due
customer	notes	receivable	as	of	December	31,	2018.
Concentration	of	Risk
Credit	Risk
Financial	instruments	that	potentially	subject	us	to	a	concentration	of	credit	risk	consist	of	cash,	cash	equivalents,	restricted	cash,	accounts
receivable,	convertible	note	hedges,	and	interest	rate	swaps.	Our	cash	balances	are	primarily	invested	in	money	market	funds	or	on	deposit	at	high
credit	quality	financial	institutions	in	the	U.S.	These	deposits	are	typically	in	excess	of	insured	limits.	As	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017,	no	entity
represented	10%	or	more	of	our	total	accounts	receivable	balance.	The	risk	of	concentration	for	our	interest	rate	swaps	is	mitigated	by	transacting	with
several	highly-rated	multinational	banks.
Supply	Risk
We	are	dependent	on	our	suppliers,	the	majority	of	which	are	single	source	suppliers,	and	the	inability	of	these	suppliers	to	deliver	necessary
components	of	our	products	in	a	timely	manner	at	prices,	quality	levels	and	volumes	acceptable	to	us,	or	our	inability	to	efficiently	manage	these
components	from	these	suppliers,	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.
Inventory	Valuation
Inventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	net	realizable	value.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost	for	vehicles	and	energy	storage
products,	which	approximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-out	basis.	In	addition,	cost	for	solar	energy	systems	is	recorded	using	actual	cost.	We	record
inventory	write-downs	for	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	based	upon	assumptions	about	on	current	and	future	demand	forecasts.	If	our	inventory	on-
hand	is	in	excess	of	our	future	demand	forecast,	the	excess	amounts	are	written-off.
We	also	review	our	inventory	to	determine	whether	its	carrying	value	exceeds	the	net	amount	realizable	upon	the	ultimate	sale	of	the	inventory.
This	requires	us	to	determine	the	estimated	selling	price	of	our	vehicles	less	the	estimated	cost	to	convert	the	inventory	on-hand	into	a	finished	product.
Once	inventory	is	written-down,	a	new,	lower	cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do	not
result	in	the	restoration	or	increase	in	that	newly	established	cost	basis.
91	
Should	our	estimates	of	future	selling	prices	or	production	costs	change,	additional	and	potentially	material	increases	to	this	reserve	may	be
required.	A	small	change	in	our	estimates	may	result	in	a	material	charge	to	our	reported	financial	results.
Operating	Lease	Vehicles
Vehicles	that	are	leased	as	part	of	our	direct	vehicle	leasing	program,	vehicles	delivered	to	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	and	a
buyback	option,	as	well	as	vehicles	delivered	to	customers	with	resale	value	guarantee	where	exercise	is	probable	are	classified	as	operating	lease
vehicles	as	the	related	revenue	transactions	are	treated	as	operating	leases	(refer	to	the	
Automotive	Leasing	Revenue	
section	above	for	details).
Operating	lease	vehicles	are	recorded	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.	Depreciation	is	computed	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	expected
operating	lease	term.	The	total	cost	of	operating	lease	vehicles	recorded	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	as	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017	was
$2.55	billion	and	$4.85	billion,	respectively.	Accumulated	depreciation	related	to	leased	vehicles	as	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017	was	$457.6	million
and	$733.3	million,	respectively.
Solar	Energy	Systems,	Leased	and	To	Be	Leased
We	are	the	lessor	of	solar	energy	systems	under	leases	that	qualify	as	operating	leases.	Our	leases	are	accounted	for	in	accordance	with
ASC	840.	To	determine	lease	classification,	we	evaluate	the	lease	terms	to	determine	whether	there	is	a	transfer	of	ownership	or	bargain	purchase
option	at	the	end	of	the	lease,	whether	the	lease	term	is	greater	than	75%	of	the	useful	life	or	whether	the	present	value	of	the	minimum	lease	payments
exceed	90%	of	the	fair	value	at	lease	inception.	We	utilize	periodic	appraisals	to	estimate	useful	lives	and	fair	values	at	lease	inception	and	residual
values	at	lease	termination.	Solar	energy	systems	are	stated	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.
Depreciation	and	amortization	is	calculated	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	respective	assets,	as	follows:
	
Solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers
	
	
	
30	to	35	years
Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer
			solar	energy	system	lease	acquisition
			costs
	
	
	
Lease	term	(up	to
25	years)
	
Solar	energy	systems	held	for	lease	to	customers	are	installed	systems	pending	interconnection	with	the	respective	utility	companies	and	will	be
depreciated	as	solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers	when	they	have	been	interconnected	and	placed	in-service.	Solar	energy	systems	under
construction	represents	systems	that	are	under	installation,	which	will	be	depreciated	as	solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers	when	they	are
completed,	interconnected	and	leased	to	customers.	Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy	system	lease	acquisition	costs	are	capitalized
and	amortized	over	the	term	of	the	related	customer	lease	agreements.
Property,	Plant	and	Equipment
Property,	plant	and	equipment,	including	leasehold	improvements,	are	recognized	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.	Depreciation	is
generally	computed	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	respective	assets,	as	follows:
	
Machinery,	equipment,	vehicles	and
			office	furniture
	
	
	
2	to	12	years
Building	and	building	improvements
	
	
	
15	to	30	years
Computer	equipment	and	software
	
	
	
3	to	10	years
	
Depreciation	for	tooling	is	computed	using	the	units-of-production	method	whereby	capitalized	costs	are	amortized	over	the	total	estimated
productive	life	of	the	respective	assets.	As	of	December	31,	2018,	the	estimated	productive	life	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	tooling	was	325,000	vehicles
based	on	our	current	estimates	of	production.	As	of	December	31,	2018,	the	estimated	productive	life	for	Model	3	tooling	was	1,000,000	vehicles	based
on	our	current	estimates	of	production.
92	
Leasehold	improvements	are	depreciated	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	shorter	of	their	estimated	useful	lives	or	the	terms	of	the	related
leases.
Upon	the	retirement	or	sale	of	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	the	cost	and	associated	accumulated	depreciation	are	removed	from	the
consolidated	balance	sheet,	and	the	resulting	gain	or	loss	is	reflected	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations.	Maintenance	and	repair	expenditures
are	expensed	as	incurred	while	major	improvements	that	increase	the	functionality,	output	or	expected	life	of	an	asset	are	capitalized	and	depreciated
ratably	over	the	identified	useful	life.
Interest	expense	on	outstanding	debt	is	capitalized	during	the	period	of	significant	capital	asset	construction.	Capitalized	interest	on
construction-in-progress	is	included	within	property,	plant	and	equipment	and	is	amortized	over	the	life	of	the	related	assets.
Furthermore,	we	are	deemed	to	be	the	owner,	for	accounting	purposes,	during	the	construction	phase	of	certain	long-lived	assets	under	build-
to-suit	lease	arrangements	because	of	our	involvement	with	the	construction,	our	exposure	to	any	potential	cost	overruns	or	our	other	commitments
under	the	arrangements.	In	these	cases,	we	recognize	build-to-suit	lease	assets	under	construction	and	corresponding	build-to-suit	lease	liabilities	on
the	consolidated	balance	sheet,	in	accordance	with	ASC	840.	Once	construction	is	completed,	if	a	lease	meets	certain	“sale-leaseback”	criteria,	we
remove	the	asset	and	liability	and	account	for	the	lease	as	an	operating	lease.	Otherwise,	the	lease	is	accounted	for	as	a	capital	lease.
Long-Lived	Assets	Including	Acquired	Intangible	Assets
We	review	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	long-term	prepayments	and	intangible	assets	for	impairment	whenever	events	or	changes	in
circumstances	indicate	that	the	carrying	amount	of	an	asset	(or	asset	group)	may	not	be	recoverable.	We	measure	recoverability	by	comparing	the
carrying	amount	to	the	future	undiscounted	cash	flows	that	the	asset	is	expected	to	generate.	If	the	asset	is	not	recoverable,	its	carrying	amount	would
be	adjusted-down	to	its	fair	value.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,	we	have	recognized	certain	material	impairments	of	our	long-lived	assets
(refer	to	Note	4,
	Intangible	Assets
,	for	further	details).	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2017	and	2016,	we	have	recognized	no	material	impairments
of	our	long-lived	assets.
Intangible	assets	with	definite	lives	are	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	their	estimated	useful	lives,	which	range	from	two	to	thirty	years.
Capitalization	of	Software	Costs
For	costs	incurred	in	development	of	internal	use	software,	we	capitalize	costs	incurred	during	the	application	development	stage.	Costs	related
to	preliminary	project	activities	and	post-implementation	activities	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Internal	use	software	is	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis
over	its	estimated	useful	life	of	three	to	ten	years.	We	evaluate	the	useful	lives	of	these	assets	on	an	annual	basis,	and	we	test	for	impairment	whenever
events	or	changes	in	circumstances	occur	that	could	impact	the	recoverability	of	these	assets.
Foreign	Currency
We	determine	the	functional	and	reporting	currency	of	each	of	our	international	subsidiaries	and	their	operating	divisions	based	on	the	primary
currency	in	which	they	operate.	In	cases	where	the	functional	currency	is	not	the	U.S.	dollar,	we	recognize	a	cumulative	translation	adjustment	created
by	the	different	rates	we	apply	to	accumulated	deficits,	including	current	period	income	or	loss,	and	the	balance	sheet.	For	each	subsidiary,	we	apply
the	monthly	average	functional	currency	rate	to	its	income	or	loss	and	the	month-end	functional	currency	rate	to	translate	the	balance	sheet.
Foreign	currency	transaction	gains	and	losses	are	a	result	of	the	effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	transactions	denominated	in	currencies
other	than	the	functional	currency.	Transaction	gains	and	losses	are	recognized	in	other	income	(expense),	net,	in	the	consolidated	statement	of
operations.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017	and	2016,	we	recorded	foreign	currency	transaction	gains	of	$1.5	million,	losses	of
$52.3	million	and	gains	of	$26.1	million,	respectively.
93	
Warranties
We	provide	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	all	new	and	used	vehicles,	production	powertrain	components	and	systems	and	energy	storage
products	we	sell.	In	addition,	we	also	provide	a	warranty	on	the	installation	and	components	of	the	solar	energy	systems	we	sell	for	periods	typically
between	10	to	30	years.	We	accrue	a	warranty	reserve	for	the	products	sold	by	us,	which	includes	our	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or
replace	items	under	warranties	and	recalls	when	identified.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	to	date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,
frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.	These	estimates	are	inherently	uncertain	given	our	relatively	short	history	of	sales,	and	changes	to	our	historical
or	projected	warranty	experience	may	cause	material	changes	to	the	warranty	reserve	in	the	future.	The	warranty	reserve	does	not	include	projected
warranty	costs	associated	with	our	vehicles	subject	to	lease	accounting	and	our	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	contracts	or	PPAs,	as	the	costs	to
repair	these	warranty	claims	are	expensed	as	incurred.	The	portion	of	the	warranty	reserve	expected	to	be	incurred	within	the	next	12	months	is
included	within	accrued	liabilities	and	other	while	the	remaining	balance	is	included	within	other	long-term	liabilities	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
Due	to	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard,	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantees	that	were	previously	recorded	within	operating	lease
assets	require	a	corresponding	warranty	accrual,	which	is	included	in	the	table	below.	Warranty	expense	is	recorded	as	a	component	of	cost	of	revenues
in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.	Accrued	warranty	activity	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):	
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Accrued	warranty—beginning	of	period
	
$
401,790
	
	
$
266,655
	
	
$
180,754
	
Assumed	warranty	liability	from	acquisition
	
	
—
	
	
	
4,737
	
	
	
31,366
	
Warranty	costs	incurred
	
	
(209,124
)
	
	
(122,510
)
	
	
(79,147
)
Net	changes	in	liability	for	pre-existing
			warranties,	including	expirations	and
			foreign	exchange	impact
	
	
(26,294
)
	
	
4,342
	
	
	
(20,084
)
Additional	warranty	accrued	from	adoption
			of	the	new	revenue	standard
	
	
37,139
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Provision	for	warranty
	
	
544,315
	
	
	
248,566
	
	
	
153,766
	
Accrued	warranty—end	of	period
	
$
747,826
	
	
$
401,790
	
	
$
266,655
	
For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017,	and	2016,	warranty	costs	incurred	for	vehicles	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	or
collateralized	debt	arrangements	were	$21.9	million,	$35.5	million	and	$19.0	million,	respectively.
Solar	Energy	System	Performance	Guarantees
We	guarantee	a	specified	minimum	solar	energy	production	output	for	certain	solar	energy	systems	leased	or	sold	to	customers,	generally	for	a
term	of	up	to	30	years.	We	monitor	the	solar	energy	systems	to	ensure	that	these	outputs	are	being	achieved.	We	evaluate	if	any	amounts	are	due	to	our
customers	and	make	any	payments	periodically	as	specified	in	the	customer	agreements.	As	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017,	we	had	recognized	a
liability	of	$7.5	million	and	$6.3	million,	respectively,	within	accrued	liabilities	and	other	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	related	to	these
guarantees	based	on	our	assessment	of	the	exposures.
Solar	Renewable	Energy	Credits
We	account	for	solar	renewable	energy	credits	(“SRECs”)	when	they	are	purchased	by	us	or	sold	to	third-parties.	For	SRECs	generated	by	solar
energy	systems	owned	by	us	and	minted	by	government	agencies,	we	do	not	recognize	any	specifically	identifiable	costs	as	there	are	no	specific
incremental	costs	incurred	to	generate	the	SRECs.	For	SRECs	purchased	by	us,	we	record	these	SRECs	at	their	cost,	subject	to	impairment	testing.	We
recognize	revenue	from	the	sale	of	an	SREC	when	the	SREC	is	transferred	to	the	buyer,	and	the	cost	of	the	SREC,	if	any,	is	then	recorded	to	cost	of
revenue.
94	
Deferred	Investment	Tax	Credit	Revenue
We	have	solar	energy	systems	that	are	eligible	for	ITCs	that	accrue	to	eligible	property	under	the	Internal	Revenue	Code	(“IRC”).	Under
Section	50(d)(5)	of	the	IRC	and	the	related	regulations,	a	lessor	of	qualifying	property	may	elect	to	treat	the	lessee	as	the	owner	of	such	property	for	the
purposes	of	claiming	the	ITCs	associated	with	such	property.	These	regulations	enable	the	ITCs	to	be	separated	from	the	ownership	of	the	property	and
allow	the	transfer	of	the	ITCs.	Under	our	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	we	can	make	a	tax	election	to	pass-through	the	ITCs	to	the	investors,
who	are	the	legal	lessee	of	the	property.	Therefore,	we	are	able	to	monetize	these	ITCs	to	the	investors	who	can	utilize	them	in	return	for	cash
payments.	We	consider	the	monetization	of	ITCs	to	constitute	one	of	the	key	elements	of	realizing	the	value	associated	with	solar	energy	systems.
Consequently,	we	consider	the	proceeds	from	the	monetization	of	ITCs	to	be	a	component	of	revenue	generated	from	solar	energy	systems.
In	accordance	with	the	relevant	FASB	guidance,	we	recognize	revenue	from	the	monetization	of	ITCs	when	(1)	persuasive	evidence	of	an
arrangement	exists,	(2)	delivery	has	occurred	or	services	have	been	rendered,	(3)	the	sales	price	is	fixed	or	determinable	and	(4)	collection	of	the
related	receivable	is	reasonably	assured.	An	ITC	is	subject	to	recapture	under	the	IRC	if	the	underlying	solar	energy	system	either	ceases	to	be	a
qualifying	property	or	undergoes	a	change	in	ownership	within	five	years	of	its	placed-in-service	date;	the	recapture	amount	decreases	on	each
anniversary	of	the	placed-in-service	date.	Since	we	have	an	obligation	to	ensure	that	the	solar	energy	system	is	in-service	and	operational	for	a	term	of
five	years	in	order	to	avoid	any	recapture	of	the	ITC,	we	recognize	revenue	as	the	recapture	amount	decreases,	assuming	the	other	revenue	recognition
criteria	above	have	been	met.	As	a	result,	the	monetized	ITC	is	initially	recorded	as	deferred	revenue	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	and
subsequently,	one-fifth	of	the	monetized	ITC	is	recognized	as	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	on
each	anniversary	of	the	solar	energy	system’s	placed-in-service	date	over	five	years.	As	discussed	in	the	
Revenue	Recognition
	section	above,	following
the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard	on	January	1,	2018,	we	no	longer	defer	the	monetized	ITC	as	deferred	revenue	outstanding	and	have
reclassified	all	ITC	deferred	revenue	as	of	December	31,	2017	to	our	opening	accumulated	deficit.
We	indemnify	the	investors	for	any	recapture	of	ITCs	due	to	our	non-compliance.	We	have	concluded	that	the	likelihood	of	a	recapture	event	is
remote,	and	consequently,	we	have	not	recognized	a	liability	for	this	indemnification	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.
Nevada	Tax	Incentives
We	have	entered	into	agreements	with	the	State	of	Nevada	and	Storey	County	in	Nevada	that	provide	abatements	for	sales,	use,	real	property,
personal	property	and	employer	excise	taxes,	discounts	to	the	base	tariff	energy	rates	and	transferable	tax	credits.	These	incentives	are	available	for
the	applicable	periods	beginning	on	October	17,	2014	and	ending	on	either	June	30,	2024	or	June	30,	2034	(depending	on	the	incentive).	Under	these
agreements,	we	were	eligible	for	a	maximum	of	$195.0	million	of	transferable	tax	credits,	subject	to	capital	investments	by	us	and	our	partners	for
Gigafactory	1	of	at	least	$3.50	billion,	which	we	exceeded	during	2017,	and	specified	hiring	targets	for	Gigafactory	1,	which	we	exceeded	during	2018.
We	record	these	credits	as	earned	when	we	have	evidence	there	is	a	market	for	their	sale.	Credits	are	applied	as	a	cost	offset	to	either	employee
expense	or	to	capital	assets,	depending	on	the	source	of	the	credits.	Credits	earned	from	employee	hires	or	capital	spending	by	our	partners	at
Gigafactory	1	are	recorded	as	a	reduction	to	operating	expenses.	As	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017,	we	had	earned	$195.0	million	and	$163.0	million
of	transferable	tax	credits	under	these	agreements,	respectively.
95	
Recent	Accounting	Pronouncements
In	May	2014,	the	Financial	Accounting	Standards	Board	(“FASB”)	issued	ASU	No.	2014-09,	
Revenue	from	Contracts	with	Customers
,	to	replace
the	existing	revenue	recognition	criteria	for	contracts	with	customers.	In	August	2015,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2015-14,	
Deferral	of	the	Effective
Date
,	to	defer	the	effective	date	of	ASU	No.	2014-09	to	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2017.	Subsequently,	the	FASB	issued
ASU	No.	2016-08,	
Principal	versus	Agent	Considerations
,	ASU	No.	2016-10,	
Identifying	Performance	Obligations	and	Licensing
,	ASU	No.	2016-11,
Rescission	of	SEC	Guidance	Because	of	Accounting	Standards	Updates	2014-09	and	2014-16	Pursuant	to	Staff	Announcements	at	the	March	3,	2016
EITF	Meeting
,	ASU	No.	2016-12,	
Narrow-Scope	Improvements	and	Practical	Expedients
,	and	ASU	No.	2016-20,	
Technical	Corrections	and
Improvements
,	to	clarify	and	amend	the	guidance	in	ASU	No.	2014-09.	We	adopted	the	ASUs	on	January	1,	2018	on	a	modified	retrospective	basis
through	a	cumulative	adjustment	to	accumulated	deficit.	The	adoption	of	the	ASUs	changed	the	timing	of	revenue	recognition	to	be	at	delivery	for
certain	vehicle	sales	to	customers	or	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee,	which	now	qualify	to	be	accounted	for	as	sales	with	a	right	of
return	as	opposed	to	the	prior	accounting	as	operating	leases	or	collateralized	lease	borrowings.	Upon	adoption	of	the	ASUs,	we	recorded	a	decrease	to
our	beginning	accumulated	deficit	of	$623.2	million	including	income	tax	effects,	which	were	immaterial.	Refer	to	the	
Revenue	Recognition
	section
above	for	details.
In	February	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-02,	
Leases
,	to	require	lessees	to	recognize	all	leases,	with	limited	exceptions,	on	the	balance
sheet,	while	recognition	on	the	statement	of	operations	will	remain	similar	to	current	lease	accounting.	The	ASU	also	eliminates	real	estate-specific
provisions	and	modifies	certain	aspects	of	lessor	accounting.	Subsequently,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2018-10
,	Codification	Improvements	to	Topic	842
,
ASU	No.	2018-11,	
Targeted	Improvements
,
	
and	ASU	No.	2018-20,
	Narrow-Scope	Improvements	for	Lessors
,	to	clarify	and	amend	the	guidance	in	ASU
No.	2016-02.	The	ASUs	are	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2018,	with	early	adoption	permitted.	We	will	adopt
the	ASUs	on	January	1,	2019	on	a	modified	retrospective	basis	through	a	cumulative	adjustment	to	our	beginning	accumulated	deficit	balance.	Prior
comparative	periods	will	not	be	restated	under	this	method,	and	we	will	adopt	all	available	practical	expedients,	as	applicable.	Further,	solar	leases	that
commence	on	or	after	January	1,	2019,	where	we	are	the	lessor	and	which	are	currently	accounted	for	as	leases,	will	no	longer	meet	the	definition	of	a
lease.	Instead,	solar	leases	commencing	on	or	after	January	1,	2019	will	be	accounted	for	under	ASC	606.	In	addition	to	recognizing	operating	leases
that	were	previously	not	recognized	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet,	we	also	expect	most	of	our	build-to-suit	leases	to	be	de-recognized	with	a	net
decrease	of	approximately	of	$100.0	million	to	our	beginning	accumulated	deficit	before	income	tax	effects,	as	our	build-to-suit	leases	will	no	longer
qualify	for	build-to-suit	accounting	and	will	instead	be	recognized	as	operating	leases	or	finance	leases.	Upon	adoption,	our	consolidated	balance	sheet
will	include	an	overall	reduction	in	assets	in	the	range	of	approximately	$400.0	million	to	$500.0	million	and	a	reduction	in	liabilities	in	the	range	of
approximately	$500.0	million	to	$600.0	million.	The	ASUs	are	not	expected	to	have	a	material	impact	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	or	the
consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows.
In	June	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-13,	
Measurement	of	Credit	Losses	on	Financial	Instruments
,	to	require	financial	assets	carried	at
amortized	cost	to	be	presented	at	the	net	amount	expected	to	be	collected	based	on	historical	experience,	current	conditions	and	forecasts.
Subsequently,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2018-19,	
Codification	Improvements	to	Topic	326
,	to	clarify	that	receivables	arising	from	operating	leases	are
within	the	scope	of	lease	accounting	standards.	The	ASUs	are	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2019,	with	early
adoption	permitted.	Adoption	of	the	ASUs	is	modified	retrospective.	We	are	currently	obtaining	an	understanding	of	the	ASUs	and	plan	to	adopt	them
on	January	1,	2020.
In	August	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-15,	
Classification	of	Certain	Cash	Receipts	and	Cash	Payments
,	to	reduce	the	diversity	in
practice	with	respect	to	the	classification	of	certain	cash	receipts	and	cash	payments	on	the	statement	of	cash	flows.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim
and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2017.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	retrospective.	We	adopted	the	ASU	on	January	1,	2018,	which	did	not
have	a	material	impact	on	the	consolidated	financial	statements.
In	November	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-18,
	Statement	of	Cash	Flows:	Restricted	Cash
,	which	requires	entities	to	present	the
aggregate	changes	in	cash,	cash	equivalents,	restricted	cash	and	restricted	cash	equivalents	in	the	statement	of	cash	flows.	As	a	result,	the	statement	of
cash	flows	now	presents	restricted	cash	and	restricted	cash	equivalents	as	a	part	of	the	beginning	and	ending	balances	of	cash	and	cash	equivalents.
The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2017.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	retrospective.	We	adopted	the	ASU	on
January	1,	2018,	which	resulted	in	restricted	cash	being	combined	with	unrestricted	cash	reconciling	beginning	and	ending	balances.	Refer	to	the
Restricted	Cash	
section	for	the	reconciliation.
96	
In	January	2017,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2017-01,	
Clarifying	the	Definition	of	a	Business
,	to	clarify	which	transactions	should	be	accounted
for	as	acquisitions	(or	disposals)	of	assets	or	businesses.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2017.
Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	prospective.	We	adopted	the	ASU	on	January	1,	2018,	which	did	not	have	a	material	impact	on	the	consolidated	financial
statements.
In	January	2017,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2017-04,	
Simplifying	the	Test	for	Goodwill	Impairment
,	to	simplify	the	test	for	goodwill	impairment
by	removing	Step	2.	An	entity	will,	therefore,	perform	the	goodwill	impairment	test	by	comparing	the	fair	value	of	a	reporting	unit	with	its	carrying
amount	and	recognizing	an	impairment	charge	for	the	amount	by	which	the	carrying	amount	exceeds	the	fair	value,	not	to	exceed	the	total	amount	of
goodwill	allocated	to	the	reporting	unit.	An	entity	still	has	the	option	to	perform	a	qualitative	assessment	to	determine	if	the	quantitative	impairment
test	is	necessary.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2019,	with	early	adoption	permitted.	Adoption	of
the	ASU	is	prospective.	We	have	not	yet	selected	an	adoption	date,	though	the	ASU	is	currently	not	expected	to	have	a	material	impact	on	the
consolidated	financial	statements.
In	February	2017,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2017-05,	
Gains	and	Losses	from	the	Recognition	of	Nonfinancial	Assets
,	to	clarify	the	scope	of	asset
derecognition	guidance	and	accounting	for	partial	sales	of	nonfinancial	assets.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after
December	15,	2017.	We	adopted	the	ASU	on	January	1,	2018	on	a	modified	retrospective	basis	through	a	cumulative	adjustment	to	accumulated	deficit.
Upon	adoption	of	the	ASU,	we	recorded	a	$9.4	million	decrease	to	our	beginning	accumulated	deficit	balance.
In	May	2017,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2017-09,	
Scope	of	Modification	Accounting
,	to	provide	guidance	on	which	changes	to	the	terms	or
conditions	of	a	share-based	payment	award	require	an	entity	to	apply	modification	accounting.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods
beginning	after	December	15,	2017.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	prospective.	We	adopted	the	ASU	on	January	1,	2018,	which	did	not	have	a	material	impact
on	the	consolidated	financial	statements.
In	August	2017,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2017-12,	
Targeted	Improvements	to	Accounting	for	Hedging	Activities
,	to	simplify	the	application	of
current	hedge	accounting	guidance.	The	ASU	expands	and	refines	hedge	accounting	for	both	non-financial	and	financial	risk	components	and	aligns	the
recognition	and	presentation	of	the	effects	of	the	hedging	instrument	and	the	hedged	item	in	the	financial	statements.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim
and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2018,	with	early	adoption	permitted.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	will	be	prospective	for	us.	We	plan	to	adopt
the	ASU	on	January	1,	2019,	and	the	ASU	is	currently	not	expected	to	have	a	material	impact	on	the	consolidated	financial	statements.
In	January	2018,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2018-01,	
Land	Easement	Practical	Expedient	Transition	to	Topic	842
,	to	permit	an	entity	to	elect	a
practical	expedient	to	not	re-evaluate	land	easements	that	existed	or	expired	before	the	entity’s	adoption	of	ASU	No.	2016-02,	
Leases
,	and	that	are	not
currently	accounted	for	as	leases.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	the	same	periods	as	ASU	No.	2016-02,	and	the	ASU	will	not	have	a	material	impact	on	the
consolidated	financial	statements.
In	August	2018,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2018-15,	
Customer’s	Accounting	for	Implementation	Costs	Incurred	in	a	Cloud	Computing
Arrangement	that	Is	a	Service	Contract
.	The	ASU	aligns	the	requirements	for	capitalizing	implementation	costs	incurred	in	a	hosting	arrangement	that
is	a	service	contract	with	the	requirements	for	capitalizing	implementation	costs	incurred	to	develop	or	obtain	internal-use	software	(and	hosting
arrangements	that	include	an	internal-use	software	license).	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2019,
with	early	adoption	permitted.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	is	either	retrospective	or	prospective.	We	are	currently	obtaining	an	understanding	of	the	ASU	and
plan	to	adopt	the	ASU	prospectively	on	January	1,	2020.
	
	
Note	3	–	Business	Combinations
Grohmann	Acquisition
On	January	3,	2017,	we	completed	our	acquisition	of	Grohmann	Engineering	GmbH	(now	Tesla	Grohmann	Automation	GmbH	or	“Grohmann”),
which	specializes	in	the	design,	development	and	sale	of	automated	manufacturing	systems,	for	$109.5	million	in	cash.	We	acquired	Grohmann	to
improve	the	speed	and	efficiency	of	our	manufacturing	processes.
97	
At	the	time	of	acquisition,	we	entered	into	an	incentive	compensation	arrangement	for	up	to	a	maximum	of	$25.8	million	of	payments	contingent
upon	continued	service	with	us	for	36	months	after	the	acquisition	date.	Such	payments	would	have	been	accounted	for	as	compensation	expense	in	the
periods	earned.	However,	during	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2017,	we	terminated	the	incentive	compensation	arrangement	and	accelerated	the
payments	thereunder.	As	a	result,	we	recorded	the	entire	$25.8	million	as	compensation	expense	in	the	three	months	ended	March	31,	2017,	which	was
included	within	selling,	general	and	administrative	expense	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.
Fair	Value	of	Assets	Acquired	and	Liabilities	Assumed
Fair	value	estimates	are	based	on	a	complex	series	of	judgments	about	future	events	and	uncertainties	and	rely	heavily	on	estimates	and
assumptions.	The	judgments	used	to	determine	the	estimated	fair	value	assigned	to	each	class	of	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed,	as	well	as
asset	lives	and	the	expected	future	cash	flows	and	related	discount	rates,	can	materiality	impact	our	results	of	operations.	Significant	inputs	used
included	the	amount	of	cash	flows,	the	expected	period	of	the	cash	flows	and	the	discount	rates.	During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2017,	we	finalized	our
estimate	of	the	acquisition	date	fair	values	of	the	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed.	Prior	to	finalization,	there	were	no	changes	to	the	fair
values	of	the	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed.
The	allocation	of	the	purchase	consideration	was	based	on	management’s	estimate	of	the	acquisition	date	fair	values	of	the	assets	acquired	and
the	liabilities	assumed,	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
Assets	acquired:
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
$
334
	
Accounts	receivable
	
42,947
	
Inventory
	
10,031
	
Property,	plant	and	equipment
	
44,030
	
Intangible	assets
	
21,723
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	assets,	current	and	non-current
	
1,998
	
Total	assets	acquired
	
121,063
	
Liabilities	assumed:
	
	
	
Accounts	payable
	
(19,975
)
Accrued	liabilities
	
(12,403
)
Debt	and	capital	leases,	current	and	non-current
	
(9,220
)
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
(10,049
)
Total	liabilities	assumed
	
(51,647
)
Net	assets	acquired
	
69,416
	
Goodwill
	
40,065
	
Total	purchase	price
$
109,481
	
Goodwill	represented	the	excess	of	the	purchase	price	over	the	fair	value	of	the	net	assets	acquired	and	was	primarily	attributable	to	the
expected	synergies	from	potential	monetization	opportunities	and	from	integrating	Grohmann’s	technology	into	our	automotive	business	as	well	as	the
acquired	talent.	Goodwill	is	not	deductible	for	U.S.	income	tax	purposes	and	is	not	amortized.	Rather,	we	assess	goodwill	for	impairment	annually	in	the
fourth	quarter,	or	more	frequently	if	events	or	changes	in	circumstances	indicate	that	it	might	be	impaired,	by	comparing	its	carrying	value	to	the
reporting	unit’s	fair	value.
98	
Identifiable	Intangible	Assets	Acquired
The	determination	of	the	fair	values	of	the	identified	intangible	assets	and	their	respective	useful	lives	as	of	the	acquisition	date	was	as	follows
(in	thousands,	except	for	useful	lives):
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Useful	Life
(in	years)
	
Developed	technology
$
12,528
	
	
	
10
	
Software
	
3,341
	
	
	
3
	
Customer	relations
	
3,236
	
	
	
6
	
Trade	name
	
1,775
	
	
	
7
	
Other
	
843
	
	
	
2
	
Total	intangible	assets
$
21,723
	
	
	
	
	
Grohmann’s	results	of	operations	since	the	acquisition	date	have	been	included	within	the	automotive	segment	in	the	consolidated	statements	of
operations.	Standalone	and	pro	forma	results	of	operations	have	not	been	presented	because	they	were	not	material	to	the	consolidated	financial
statements.
SolarCity	Acquisition
On	November	21,	2016	(the	“Acquisition	Date”),	we	completed	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity.	Pursuant	to	the	Agreement	and	Plan	of	Merger	(the
“Merger	Agreement”),	each	issued	and	outstanding	share	of	SolarCity	common	stock	was	converted	into	0.110	(the	“Exchange	Ratio”)	shares	of	our
common	stock.	In	addition,	SolarCity’s	stock	option	awards	and	restricted	stock	unit	awards	were	assumed	by	us	and	converted	into	corresponding
equity	awards	in	respect	of	our	common	stock	based	on	the	Exchange	Ratio,	with	the	awards	retaining	the	same	vesting	and	other	terms	and	conditions
as	in	effect	immediately	prior	to	the	acquisition.
Fair	Value	of	Purchase	Consideration
The	Acquisition	Date	fair	value	of	the	purchase	consideration	was	as	follows	(in	thousands,	except	for	share	and	per	share	amounts):
	
Total	fair	value	of	Tesla	common	stock
			issued	(11,124,497	shares	issued	at	$185.04	per	share)
	
$
2,058,477
	
Fair	value	of	replacement	Tesla	stock
			options	and	restricted	stock	units	for	vested	SolarCity	awards
	
	
87,500
	
Total	purchase	price
	
$
2,145,977
Furthermore,	the	assumed	unvested	SolarCity	awards	of	$95.9	million	are	recognized	as	stock-based	compensation	expense	over	the	remaining
requisite	service	period.	Per	ASC	805,	the	replacement	of	stock	options	or	other	share-based	payment	awards	in	conjunction	with	a	business
combination	represents	a	modification	of	share-based	payment	awards	that	must	be	accounted	for	in	accordance	with	ASC	718,	
Stock	Compensation
.	As
a	result	of	our	issuance	of	replacement	awards,	a	portion	of	the	fair-value-based	measure	of	the	replacement	awards	is	included	in	the	purchase
consideration.	To	determine	the	portion	of	the	replacement	awards	that	is	part	of	the	purchase	consideration,	we	measured	the	fair	value	of	both	the
replacement	awards	and	the	historical	awards	as	of	the	Acquisition	Date.	The	fair	value	of	the	replacement	awards,	whether	vested	or	unvested,	was
included	in	the	purchase	consideration	to	the	extent	that	pre-acquisition	services	were	rendered.
Transaction	costs	of	$21.7	million	were	expensed	as	incurred	to	selling,	general	and	administrative	expense	on	the	consolidated	statements	of
operations.
99	
Fair	Value	of	Assets	Acquired	and	Liabilities	Assumed
Fair	value	estimates	are	based	on	a	complex	series	of	judgments	about	future	events	and	uncertainties	and	rely	heavily	on	estimates	and
assumptions.	The	judgments	used	to	determine	the	estimated	fair	value	assigned	to	each	class	of	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed,	as	well	as
asset	lives	and	the	expected	future	cash	flows	and	related	discount	rates,	can	materiality	impact	our	results	of	operations.	Specifically,	we	utilized	a
discounted	cash	flow	model	to	value	the	acquired	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	as	well	as	the	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries.
Significant	inputs	used	included	the	amount	of	cash	flows,	the	expected	period	of	the	cash	flows	and	the	discount	rates.
The	allocation	of	the	purchase	consideration	was	based	on	management’s	estimate	of	the	Acquisition	Date	fair	values	of	the	assets	acquired	and
the	liabilities	assumed,	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
Assets	acquired:
	
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
$
213,523
	
Accounts	receivable
	
	
74,619
	
Inventory
	
	
191,878
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased
	
	
5,781,496
	
Property,	plant	and	equipment
	
	
1,056,312
	
MyPower	customer	notes	receivable,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
498,141
	
Restricted	cash
	
	
129,196
	
Intangible	assets
	
	
356,510
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	assets,	current	and	non-current
	
	
199,864
	
Total	assets	acquired
	
	
8,501,539
	
Liabilities	assumed:
	
	
	
	
Accounts	payable
	
	
(230,078
)
Accrued	liabilities
	
	
(284,765
)
Debt	and	capital	leases,	current	and	non-current
	
	
(3,403,840
)
Financing	obligations
	
	
(121,290
)
Deferred	revenue,	current	and	non-current
	
	
(271,128
)
Other	liabilities
	
	
(950,423
)
Total	liabilities	assumed
	
	
(5,261,524
)
Net	assets	acquired
	
	
3,240,015
	
Noncontrolling	interests	redeemable	and	non-redeemable
	
	
(1,066,517
)
Capped	call	options	associated	with	2014	convertible	notes
	
	
3,460
	
Total	net	assets	acquired
	
	
2,176,958
	
Gain	on	acquisition
	
	
(30,981
)
Total	purchase	price
	
$
2,145,977
Gain	on	Acquisition
Since	the	fair	value	of	the	net	assets	acquired	was	greater	than	the	purchase	price,	we	recognized	a	gain	on	acquisition	of	$88.7	million	in	the
fourth	quarter	of	2016,	which	was	recorded	within	other	income	(expense),	net,	on	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2017,	we	finalized	our	estimate	of	the	Acquisition	Date	fair	values	of	the	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities
assumed.	Prior	to	finalization,	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2017,	we	recorded	an	$11.6	million	measurement	period	adjustment	to	MyPower
customer	notes	receivable,	net	of	current	portion,	and	a	$46.2	million	measurement	period	adjustment	to	accrued	liabilities.	The	measurement	period
adjustments	were	recorded	as	losses	to	other	income	(expense),	net,	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	and	reduced	the	gain	on	acquisition
initially	recognized	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2016.
100	
Identifiable	Intangible	Assets	Acquired
The	determination	of	the	fair	values	of	the	identified	intangible	assets	and	their	respective	useful	lives	as	of	the	Acquisition	Date	was	as	follows
(in	thousands,	except	for	useful	lives):
	
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Useful	Life
(in	years)
	
Developed	technology
	
$
113,361
	
	
	
7
	
Trade	name	(1)
	
	
43,500
	
	
	
3
	
Favorable	contracts	and	leases,	net
	
	
112,817
	
	
	
15
	
IPR&D
	
	
86,832
	
	
Not	applicable
	
Total	intangible	assets
	
$
356,510
	
	
	
	
	
	
(1)
Refer	to	Note	4,	
Intangible	Assets
,	for	discussion	over	changes	to	the	assumptions	of	the	useful	life	of	this	asset	post	acquisition.
Unaudited	Pro	Forma	Financial	Information
The	consolidated	financial	statements	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	include	SolarCity’s	results	of	operations	from	the	Acquisition	Date
through	December	31,	2016.	Net	revenues	and	operating	loss	attributable	to	SolarCity	during	this	period	and	included	in	the	consolidated	statement	of
operations	were	$84.1	million	and	$68.2	million,	respectively.
The	following	unaudited	pro	forma	financial	information	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016	gives	effect	to	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity	as	if
the	acquisition	had	occurred	on	January	1,	2015	(in	thousands,	except	per	share	data):
	
Revenue
	
$
7,536,876
	
Net	loss	attributable	to	common	stockholders
	
	
(702,868
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock,	basic	and
			diluted
	
$
(4.56
)
Weighted-average	shares	used	in	computing	net
			loss	per	share	of	common	stock,	basic	and
			diluted
	
	
154,090
	
	
The	unaudited	pro	forma	financial	information	includes	adjustments	for	the	depreciation	of	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	the
intangible	assets	acquired,	the	effect	of	the	acquisition	on	deferred	revenue	and	noncontrolling	interests	and	the	transaction	costs	related	to	the
acquisition.	The	unaudited	pro	forma	financial	information	is	presented	for	illustrative	purposes	only	and	is	not	necessarily	indicative	of	the	results	of
operations	of	future	periods.	The	unaudited	pro	forma	financial	information	does	not	give	effect	to	the	potential	impact	of	current	financial	conditions,
regulatory	matters,	synergies,	operating	efficiencies	or	cost	savings	that	might	be	associated	with	the	acquisition.	Consequently,	actual	results	could
differ	from	the	unaudited	pro	forma	financial	information	presented.
	
	
101	
Note	4	–	Intangible	Assets
Information	regarding	our	acquired	intangible	assets	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,	2018
	
	
December	31,	2017
	
	
	
Gross
	
Carrying
Amount
	
	
Accumulated
Amortization
	
	
Other
	
	
Net	Carrying
Amount
	
	
Gross	Carrying
Amount
	
	
Accumulated
Amortization
	
	
Other
	
	
Net	Carrying
Amount
	
Finite-lived
			intangible	assets:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Developed
			technology
	
$
152,431
	
	
$
(40,705
)
	
$
1,205
	
	
$
112,931
	
	
$
125,889
	
	
$
(19,317
)
	
$
1,847
	
	
$
108,419
	
Trade	names
	
	
45,275
	
	
	
(44,056
)
	
	
170
	
	
	
1,389
	
	
	
45,275
	
	
	
(10,924
)
	
	
261
	
	
	
34,612
	
Favorable	contracts
			and	leases,	net
	
	
112,817
	
	
	
(16,409
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
96,408
	
	
	
112,817
	
	
	
(8,639
)
	
	
—
	
	
	
104,178
	
Other
	
	
35,559
	
	
	
(11,540
)
	
	
719
	
	
	
24,738
	
	
	
34,099
	
	
	
(7,775
)
	
	
1,137
	
	
	
27,461
	
Total	finite-
			lived	intangible
			assets
	
	
346,082
	
	
	
(112,710
)
	
	
2,094
	
	
	
235,466
	
	
	
318,080
	
	
	
(46,655
)
	
	
3,245
	
	
	
274,670
	
Indefinite-lived
			intangible	assets:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
IPR&D
	
	
60,290
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(13,264
)
	
	
47,026
	
	
	
86,832
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
86,832
	
Total	indefinite-
			lived	intangible
			assets
	
	
60,290
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
(13,264
)
	
	
47,026
	
	
	
86,832
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
86,832
	
Total	intangible
			assets
	
$
406,372
	
	
$
(112,710
)
	
$
(11,170
)
	
$
282,492
	
	
$
404,912
	
	
$
(46,655
)
	
$
3,245
	
	
$
361,502
	
The	in-process	research	and	development	(“IPR&D”),	which	we	acquired	from	SolarCity,	is	accounted	for	as	an	indefinite-lived	asset	until	the
completion	or	abandonment	of	the	associated	research	and	development	efforts.	If	the	research	and	development	efforts	are	successfully	completed	and
commercial	feasibility	is	reached,	the	IPR&D	would	be	amortized	over	its	then	estimated	useful	life.	If	the	research	and	development	efforts	are	not
completed	or	are	abandoned,	the	IPR&D	might	be	impaired.	The	fair	value	of	the	IPR&D	was	estimated	using	the	replacement	cost	method	under	the
cost	approach,	based	on	the	historical	acquisition	costs	and	expenses	of	the	technology	adjusted	for	estimated	developer’s	profit,	opportunity	cost	and
obsolescence	factor.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,	
we	concluded	that	a	portion	of	the	IPR&D	was	not	commercially	feasible,	and
consequently	recognized	an	abandonment	loss	of	$13.3	million	in	restructuring	and	other	expenses	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.
Additionally,	$26.5	million	of	IPR&D	was	put	into	production	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,	and	
we	expect	to	complete	the	remaining
research	and	development	efforts	in	the	first	half	of	2019.	The	nature	of	the	research	and	development	efforts	consists	principally	of	planning,	designing
and	testing	the	technology	for	viability	in	manufacturing	solar	cells	and	modules.	If	commercial	feasibility	is	not	achieved	for	the	remaining	IPR&D,	we
would	likely	look	to	other	alternative	technologies.
The	costs	associated	with	one	of	the	trade	names	acquired	by	us	has	been	fully	amortized	as	of	December	31,	2018	as	we	phased	out	the	use	of
such	trade	name	in	our	sales	and	marketing	efforts.
Total	future	amortization	expense	for	intangible	assets	was	estimated	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
	
December	31,	2018
	
2019
	
	
$
34,637
	
2020
	
	
	
32,729
	
2021
	
	
	
32,729
	
2022
	
	
	
32,729
	
2023
	
	
	
26,537
	
Thereafter
	
	
	
76,105
	
Total
	
	
$
235,466
	
102	
Note	5	–	Fair	Value	of	Financial	Instruments
ASC	820
,	Fair	Value	Measurements
,	states	that	fair	value	is	an	exit	price,	representing	the	amount	that	would	be	received	to	sell	an	asset	or
paid	to	transfer	a	liability	in	an	orderly	transaction	between	market	participants.	As	such,	fair	value	is	a	market-based	measurement	that	should	be
determined	based	on	assumptions	that	market	participants	would	use	in	pricing	an	asset	or	a	liability
.	The	three-tiered	fair	value	hierarchy,	which
prioritizes	which	inputs	should	be	used	in	measuring	fair	value,	is	comprised	of:	(Level	I)	observable	inputs	such	as	quoted	prices	in	active	markets;
(Level	II)	inputs	other	than	quoted	prices	in	active	markets	that	are	observable	either	directly	or	indirectly	and	(Level	III)	unobservable	inputs	for	which
there	is	little	or	no	market	data.	The	fair	value	hierarchy	requires	the	use	of	observable	market	data	when	available	in	determining	fair	value.	Our
assets	and	liabilities	that	were	measured	at	fair	value	on	a	recurring	basis	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,	2018
	
	
December	31,	2017
	
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Level	I
	
	
Level	II
	
	
Level	III
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Level	I
	
	
Level	II
	
	
Level	III
	
Money	market
			funds	(cash	and
			cash	equivalents
			&	restricted	cash)
	
$
1,812,828
	
	
	
1,812,828
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
2,163,459
	
	
$
2,163,459
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
Interest	rate	swaps,
			net
	
	
11,070
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
11,070
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
59
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
59
	
	
	
—
	
Total
	
$
1,823,898
	
	
$
1,812,828
	
	
$
11,070
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
2,163,518
	
	
$
2,163,459
	
	
$
59
	
	
$
—
	
All	of	our	money	market	funds	were	classified	within	Level	I	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy	because	they	were	valued	using	quoted	prices	in	active
markets.	Our	interest	rate	swaps	were	classified	within	Level	II	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy	because	they	were	valued	using	alternative	pricing	sources	or
models	that	utilized	market	observable	inputs,	including	current	and	forward	interest	rates.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,	there	were	no
transfers	between	the	levels	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy.
Interest	Rate	Swaps
We	enter	into	fixed-for-floating	interest	rate	swap	agreements	to	swap	variable	interest	payments	on	certain	debt	for	fixed	interest	payments,	as
required	by	certain	of	our	lenders.	We	do	not	designate	our	interest	rate	swaps	as	hedging	instruments.	Accordingly,	our	interest	rate	swaps	are
recorded	at	fair	value	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	within	other	assets	or	other	long-term	liabilities,	with	any	changes	in	their	fair	values
recognized	as	other	income	(expense),	net,	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	and	with	any	cash	flows	recognized	as	investing	activities	in	the
consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows.	Our	interest	rate	swaps	outstanding	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,	2018
	
	
December	31,	2017
	
	
	
Aggregate	Notional
Amount
	
	
Gross	Asset	at	Fair
Value
	
	
Gross	Liability	at
Fair	Value
	
	
Aggregate	Notional
Amount
	
	
Gross	Asset	at	Fair
Value
	
	
Gross	Liability	at
Fair	Value
	
Interest	rate
			swaps
	
$
800,293
	
	
$
12,159
	
	
$
1,089
	
	
$
496,544
	
	
$
5,304
	
	
$
5,245
	
For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017	and	2016,	our	interest	rate	swaps	activity	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Gross	gains
	
$
21,558
	
	
$
7,192
	
	
$
6,995
	
Gross	losses
	
$
11,670
	
	
$
13,082
	
	
$
—
	
103	
Disclosure	of	Fair	Values
Our	financial	instruments	that	are	not	re-measured	at	fair	value	include	accounts	receivable,	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable,	rebates
receivable,	accounts	payable,	accrued	liabilities,	customer	deposits,	the	participation	interest	and	debt.	The	carrying	values	of	these	financial
instruments	other	than	the	participation	interest,	the	convertible	senior	notes,	the	5.30%	Senior	Notes	due	in	2025,	the	solar	asset-backed	notes,	the
solar	loan-backed	notes	and	the	automotive	asset-backed	notes	approximate	their	fair	values.
We	estimate	the	fair	value	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	and	the	5.30%	Senior	Notes	due	in	2025	using
	commonly	accepted	valuation
methodologies	and	market-based	risk	measurements	that	are	indirectly	observable,	such	as	credit	risk	(Level	II)
.	
In	addition,	
we	estimate	the	fair	values
of	the	participation	interest,	the	solar	asset-backed	notes,	the	solar	loan-backed	notes	and	the	automotive	asset-backed	notes	based	on	rates	currently
offered	for	instruments	with	similar	maturities	and	terms	(Level	III).	The	following	table	presents	the	estimated	fair	values	and	the	carrying	values	(in
thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,	2018
	
	
December	31,	2017
	
	
	
Carrying
	
Value
	
	
Fair	Value
	
	
Carrying
	
Value
	
	
Fair	Value
	
Convertible	senior	notes
	
$
3,660,316
	
	
$
4,346,642
	
	
$
3,722,673
	
	
$
4,488,651
	
Senior	notes
	
$
1,778,756
	
	
$
1,575,000
	
	
$
1,775,550
	
	
$
1,732,500
	
Participation	interest
	
$
18,946
	
	
$
18,431
	
	
$
17,545
	
	
$
17,042
	
Solar	asset-backed	notes
	
$
1,183,675
	
	
$
1,206,755
	
	
$
880,415
	
	
$
898,145
	
Solar	loan-backed	notes
	
$
203,052
	
	
$
211,788
	
	
$
236,844
	
	
$
248,149
	
Automotive	asset-backed	notes
	
$
1,172,160
	
	
$
1,179,910
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
	
Note	6	–	Inventory
Our	inventory	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
Raw	materials
	
$
931,828
	
	
$
821,396
	
Work	in	process
	
	
296,991
	
	
	
243,181
	
Finished	goods
	
	
1,581,763
	
	
	
1,013,909
	
Service	parts
	
	
302,864
	
	
	
185,051
	
Total
	
$
3,113,446
	
	
$
2,263,537
	
Finished	goods	inventory	included	vehicles	in	transit	to	fulfill	customer	orders,	new	vehicles	available	for	immediate	sale	at	our	retail	and
service	center	locations,	used	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,	we	made	the	decision	to	utilize	some	of
our	fleet	cars	as	service	loaners	on	a	long-term	basis.	As	a	result,	we	reclassified	$121.2	million	of	finished	goods	inventory	to	property,	plant	and
equipment.
For	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	we	commence	transferring	component	parts	from	inventory	to	construction	in	progress,	a
component	of	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	once	a	lease	contract	with	a	customer	has	been	executed	and	installation	has	been
initiated.	Additional	costs	incurred	on	the	leased	systems,	including	labor	and	overhead,	are	recorded	within	construction	in	progress.
We	write-down	inventory	for	any	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	or	when	we	believe	that	the	net	realizable	value	of	inventories	is	less	than	the
carrying	value.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017	and	2016,	we	recorded	write-downs	of	$78.3	million,	$124.1	million	and	$52.8	million,
respectively,	in	cost	of	revenues.
	
	
104	
Note	7	–	Solar	Energy	Systems,	Leased	and	To	Be	Leased,	Net
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
Solar	energy	systems	leased	to	customers
	
$
6,430,729
	
	
$
6,009,977
	
Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy
			system	lease	acquisition	costs
	
	
99,380
	
	
	
74,709
	
	
	
	
6,530,109
	
	
	
6,084,686
	
Less:	accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
(495,518
)
	
	
(220,110
)
	
	
	
6,034,591
	
	
	
5,864,576
	
Solar	energy	systems	under	construction
	
	
67,773
	
	
	
243,847
	
Solar	energy	systems	to	be	leased	to	customers
	
	
169,032
	
	
	
239,067
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased	–	net	(1)
	
$
6,271,396
	
	
$
6,347,490
	
(1)
As	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017,	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	included	$36.0	million	of	capital	leased	assets	with
accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization	of	$3.8	million	and	$1.9	million,	respectively.
	
	
Note	8	–	Property,	Plant	and	Equipment
Our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
Machinery,	equipment,	vehicles	and	office	furniture
	
$
6,328,966
	
	
$
4,251,711
	
Tooling
	
	
1,397,514
	
	
	
1,255,952
	
Leasehold	improvements
	
	
960,971
	
	
	
789,751
	
Land	and	buildings
	
	
4,047,006
	
	
	
2,517,247
	
Computer	equipment,	hardware	and	software
	
	
487,421
	
	
	
395,067
	
Construction	in	progress
	
	
807,297
	
	
	
2,541,588
	
	
	
	
14,029,175
	
	
	
11,751,316
	
Less:	Accumulated	depreciation
	
	
(2,699,098
)
	
	
(1,723,794
)
Total
	
$
11,330,077
	
	
$
10,027,522
	
Construction	in	progress	is	primarily	comprised	of	tooling	and	equipment	related	to	the	manufacturing	of	our	vehicles	and	a	portion	of
Gigafactory	1	construction.	Completed	assets	are	transferred	to	their	respective	asset	classes,	and	depreciation	begins	when	an	asset	is	ready	for	its
intended	use.	Construction	in	progress	also	includes	certain	build-to-suit	lease	costs	incurred	at	our	Buffalo	manufacturing	facility,	referred	to	as
Gigafactory	2.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,	we	had	significant	transfers	from	construction	in	progress	to	the	various	property,	plant	and
equipment	asset	classes	as	assets	were	placed	in	service	primarily	at	Gigafactory	1	and	Gigafactory	2.	Interest	on	outstanding	debt	is	capitalized	during
periods	of	significant	capital	asset	construction	and	amortized	over	the	useful	lives	of	the	related	assets.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018
and	2017,	we	capitalized	$54.9	million	and	$124.9	million,	respectively,	of	interest.
As	of	
December	31,	2018
	and	2017,	the	table	above	included	$1.69	billion	and	$1.63	billion,	respectively,	of	gross	build-to-suit	lease	assets.	As
of	
December	31,	2018
	and	2017,	the	corresponding	financing	liabilities	of	$81.7	million	and	$14.9	million,	respectively,	were	recorded	in	accrued
liabilities	and	$1.66	billion	and	$1.67	billion,	respectively,	were	recorded	in	other	long-term	liabilities	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.
Depreciation	expense	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017	and	2016	was	$1.11	billion,	$769.3	million	and	$477.3	million,
respectively.	Gross	property	and	equipment	under	capital	leases	as	of	
December	31,	2018
	and	2017	was	$1.52	billion	and	$688.3	million,	respectively.
Accumulated	depreciation	on	property	and	equipment	under	capital	leases	as	of	these	dates	was	$231.6	million	and	$100.6	million,	respectively.
105	
Panasonic	has	partnered	with	us	on	Gigafactory	1	with	investments	in	the	production	equipment	that	it	uses	to	manufacture	and	supply	us	with
battery	cells.	Under	our	arrangement	with	Panasonic,	we	plan	to	purchase	the	full	output	from	their	production	equipment	at	negotiated	prices.	As
these	terms	convey	to	us	the	right	to	use,	as	defined	in	ASC	840,	
Leases
,	their	production	equipment,	we	consider	them	to	be	leased	assets	when
production	commences.	This	results	in	us	recording	the	cost	of	their	production	equipment	within	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	on	the
consolidated	balance	sheets	with	a	corresponding	liability	recorded	to	long-term	debt	and	capital	leases.	For	all	suppliers	and	partners	for	which	we
plan	to	purchase	the	full	output	from	their	production	equipment	located	at	Gigafactory	1,	we	have	applied	similar	accounting.	As	of	
December	31,	2018
and	2017
,	w
e	had	cumulatively	capitalized	costs	of	$1.24	billion	and	$
473.3
	
m
illion,	respectively,
	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	in	relation	to	the
production	equipment	under	our	Panasonic	arrangement.
	We	had	
cumulatively
	capitalized	total	costs	for	Gigafactory	1,	including	costs	under	our
Panasonic	arrangement,	of	$4.62	billion	and	$
3.15	
billion	as	of	
December	31,	2018
	and	2017
,	respectively.
	
Note	9	–	Non-cancellable	Operating	Lease	Payments	Receivable
As	of	December	31,	2018,	future	minimum	lease	payments	to	be	received	from	customers	under	non-cancellable	operating	leases	for	each	of	the
next	five	years	and	thereafter	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
2019
	
$
501,625
	
2020
	
	
418,299
	
2021
	
	
270,838
	
2022
	
	
186,807
	
2023
	
	
188,809
	
Thereafter
	
	
2,469,732
	
Total
	
$
4,036,110
	
The	above	table	does	not	include	vehicle	sales	to	customers	or	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	as	the	cash	payments	were
received	upfront.	In	addition,	we	assumed	through	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity	and	will	continue	to	enter	into	PPAs	with	our	customers	that	are
accounted	for	as	leases.	These	customers	are	charged	solely	based	on	actual	power	produced	by	the	installed	solar	energy	system	at	a	predefined	rate
per	kilowatt-hour	of	power	produced.	The	future	payments	from	such	arrangements	are	not	included	in	the	above	table	as	they	are	a	function	of	the
power	generated	by	the	related	solar	energy	systems	in	the	future.	Furthermore,	the	above	table	does	not	include	performance-based	incentives
receivable	from	various	utility	companies.	The	amount	of	contingent	rentals	recognized	as	revenue	for	the	years	presented	were	not	material.
	
	
Note	10	-	Accrued	Liabilities	and	Other
	
As	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017,	accrued	liabilities	and	other	current	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
Accrued	purchases
	
$
394,216
	
	
$
753,408
	
Payroll	and	related	costs
	
	
448,836
	
	
	
378,284
	
Taxes	payable
	
	
348,663
	
	
	
185,807
	
Financing	obligation,	current	portion
	
	
61,761
	
	
	
67,313
	
Accrued	warranty
	
	
200,701
	
	
	
125,502
	
Sales	return	reserve,	current	portion
	
	
107,800
	
	
	
—
	
Accrued	interest
	
	
77,917
	
	
	
75,572
	
Build-to-suit	lease	liability,	current	portion
	
	
81,739
	
	
	
14,915
	
Other	current	liabilities
	
	
372,620
	
	
	
130,565
	
Total
	
$
2,094,253
	
	
$
1,731,366
	
Taxes	payable	included	value	added	tax,	sales	tax,	property	tax,	use	tax	and	income	tax	payables.
106	
Accrued	purchases	primarily	reflected	receipts	of	goods	and	services	that	we	had	not	been	invoiced	yet.	As	we	are	invoiced	for	these	goods	and
services,	this	balance	will	reduce	and	accounts	payable	will	increase.
Due	to	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard,	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantees	that	are	now	accounted	for	as	sales	with	a	right
of	return	require	a	corresponding	sales	return	reserve,	which	is	included	in	accrued	liabilities	and	other	when	the	reserve	is	current	and	other	long-
term	liabilities	when	the	reserve	is	non-current	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	For	automotive	sales	without	a	resale	value	guarantee,	we	record	a
reserve	against	revenue	for	the	estimated	variable	consideration	related	to	future	product	returns	in	accrued	liabilities	and	other	on	the	consolidated
balance	sheets.	See	Note	2,	
Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies
	for	details.
	
	
Note	11	–	Other	Long-Term	Liabilities
Other	long-term	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following,	net	of	current	portion	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
Accrued	warranty	reserve
	
$
547,125
	
	
$
276,289
	
Build-to-suit	lease	liability
	
	
1,662,017
	
	
	
1,665,768
	
Deferred	rent	expense
	
	
59,252
	
	
	
46,820
	
Financing	obligation
	
	
50,383
	
	
	
67,929
	
Liability	for	receipts	from	an	investor
	
	
—
	
	
	
29,713
	
Sales	return	reserve
	
	
84,143
	
	
	
—
	
Other	noncurrent	liabilities
	
	
307,483
	
	
	
356,451
	
Total	other	long-term	liabilities
	
$
2,710,403
	
	
$
2,442,970
	
The	liability	for	receipts	from	an	investor	represents	the	amounts	received	from	the	investor	under	a	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangement	for
the	monetization	of	ITCs	for	solar	energy	systems	not	yet	placed	in	service.	Due	to	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard,	automotive	sales	with
resale	value	guarantees	that	are	now	accounted	for	as	sales	with	a	right	of	return	require	a	corresponding	sales	return	reserve,	which	is	included	in
accrued	liabilities	and	other	when	the	reserve	is	current	and	other	long-term	liabilities	when	the	reserve	is	non-current	on	the	consolidated	balance
sheets.
	
	
Note	12	–	Customer	Deposits
Customer	deposits	primarily	consisted	of	cash	payments	from	customers	at	the	time	they	place	an	order	or	reservation	for	a	vehicle	or	an
energy	product	and	any	additional	payments	up	to	the	point	of	delivery	or	the	completion	of	installation,	including	the	fair	values	of	any	customer	trade-
in	vehicles	that	are	applicable	toward	a	new	vehicle	purchase.	Customer	deposit	amounts	and	timing	vary	depending	on	the	vehicle	model,	the	energy
product	and	the	country	of	delivery.	In	the	case	of	a	vehicle,	customer	deposits	are	fully	refundable	up	to	the	point	the	vehicle	is	placed	into	the
production	cycle.	In	the	case	of	an	energy	generation	or	storage	product,	customer	deposits	are	fully	refundable	prior	to	the	entry	into	a	purchase
agreement	or	in	certain	cases	for	a	limited	time	thereafter	(in	accordance	with	applicable	laws).	Customer	deposits	are	included	in	current	liabilities
until	refunded	or	until	they	are	applied	towards	the	customer’s	purchase	balance.	As	of	December	31,	2018	and	December	31,	2017,	we	held
$792.6	million	and	$853.9	million,	respectively,	in	customer	deposits.
Due	to	the	adoption	of	the	new	revenue	standard,	customer	deposits	now	include	prepayments	on	contracts	that	can	be	cancelled	without
significant	penalties,	such	as	vehicle	maintenance	plans,	which	were	previously	reported	as	deferred	revenue.	As	a	result,	the	adoption	of	the	new
revenue	standard	increased	the	customer	deposits	balance	as	of	December	31,	2018	by	$58.4	million	as	compared	to	what	the	balance	would	have	been
under	ASC	605,	
Revenue	Recognition	
(see	Note	2,	
Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies
).
	
107	
Note	13	–Long-Term	Debt	Obligations
The	following	is	a	summary	of	our	debt	as	of	
December	31,	2018
	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Unpaid
	
	
	
	
	
Unused
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Principal
	
	
Net	Carrying	Value
	
	
Committed
	
	
Contractual
	
	
Contractual
	
	
Balance
	
	
Current
	
	
Long-Term
	
	
Amount*
	
	
Interest	Rates
	
	
Maturity	Date
Recourse	debt:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019
			("2019	Notes")
	
	
920,000
	
	
	
912,625
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
0.25
%
	
March	2019
1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2021
			("2021	Notes")
	
	
1,380,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,243,496
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1.25
%
	
March	2021
2.375%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2022
			("2022	Notes")
	
	
977,500
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
871,326
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
2.375
%
	
March	2022
5.30%	Senior	Notes	due	in	2025
			("2025	Notes")
	
	
1,800,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,778,756
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
5.30
%
	
August	2025
Credit	Agreement
	
	
1,540,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,540,000
	
	
	
230,999
	
	
1%	plus	LIBOR
	
	
June	2020
Vehicle	and	other	Loans
	
	
76,203
	
	
	
1,203
	
	
	
75,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
1.8%-7.6%
	
	
January	2019-December	2021
1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019
	
	
565,992
	
	
	
541,070
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1.625
%
	
November	2019
Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in
			2020
	
	
103,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
91,799
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
0.0
%
	
December	2020
Solar	Bonds
	
	
24,725
	
	
	
119
	
	
	
25,190
	
	
	
—
	
	
2.6%-5.8%
	
	
January	2019-January	2031
Total	recourse	debt
	
	
7,387,420
	
	
	
1,455,017
	
	
	
5,625,567
	
	
	
230,999
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Non-recourse	debt:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Warehouse	Agreements
	
	
92,000
	
	
	
13,604
	
	
	
78,396
	
	
	
1,008,000
	
	
3.9%-4.2%
	
	
September	2020
Canada	Credit	Facility
	
	
73,220
	
	
	
31,766
	
	
	
41,454
	
	
	
—
	
	
3.6%-5.9%
	
	
November	2022
Term	Loan	due	in	2019
	
	
180,624
	
	
	
180,624
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
6.1
%
	
January	2019
Term	Loan	due	in	2021
	
	
169,050
	
	
	
6,876
	
	
	
161,453
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
6.0
%
	
January	2021
Cash	equity	debt
	
	
466,837
	
	
	
10,911
	
	
	
441,472
	
	
	
—
	
	
5.3%-5.8%
	
	
July	2033-
January	2035
Solar	asset-backed	notes
	
	
1,214,071
	
	
	
28,761
	
	
	
1,154,914
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.0%-7.7%
	
	
September	2024-
February	2048
Solar	loan-backed	notes
	
	
210,249
	
	
	
9,888
	
	
	
193,164
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.8%-7.5%
	
	
September	2048-
September	2049
Automotive	asset-backed	notes
	
	
1,177,937
	
	
	
467,926
	
	
	
704,234
	
	
	
—
	
	
2.3%-7.9%
	
	
December	2019-June	2022
Solar	Renewable	Energy	Credit	and
			other	Loans
	
	
26,742
	
	
	
16,612
	
	
	
9,836
	
	
	
17,633
	
	
5.1%-7.9%
	
	
December	2019-July	2021
Total	non-recourse	debt
	
	
3,610,730
	
	
	
766,968
	
	
	
2,784,923
	
	
	
1,025,633
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	debt
	
$
10,998,150
	
	
$
2,221,985
	
	
$
8,410,490
	
	
$
1,256,632
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
108	
The	following	is	a	summary	of	our	debt	as	of	December	31,	2017	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Unpaid
	
	
	
	
	
Unused
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Principal
	
	
Net	Carrying	Value
	
	
Committed
	
	
Contractual
	
	
Contractual
	
	
Balance
	
	
Current
	
	
Long-Term
	
	
Amount*
	
	
Interest	Rates
	
	
Maturity	Date
Recourse	debt:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
			("2018	Notes")
	
$
5,512
	
	
$
5,442
	
	
$
—
	
	
$
—
	
	
	
1.50
%
	
June	2018
2019	Notes
	
	
920,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
869,092
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
0.25
%
	
March	2019
2021	Notes
	
	
1,380,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,186,131
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1.25
%
	
March	2021
2022	Notes
	
	
977,500
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
841,973
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
2.375
%
	
March	2022
2025	Notes
	
	
1,800,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,775,550
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
5.30
%
	
August	2025
Credit	Agreement
	
	
1,109,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
1,109,000
	
	
	
729,929
	
	
1%	plus	LIBOR
	
	
June	2020
Vehicle	and	other	Loans
	
	
16,205
	
	
	
15,944
	
	
	
261
	
	
	
—
	
	
1.8%-7.6%
	
	
January	2018-
September	2019
2.75%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
	
	
230,000
	
	
	
222,171
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
2.75%
	
	
November	2018
1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019
	
	
566,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
511,389
	
	
	
—
	
	
1.625%
	
	
November	2019
Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in
			2020
	
	
103,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
86,475
	
	
	
—
	
	
0.0%
	
	
December	2020
Related	Party	Promissory	Notes	due	in
			February	2018
	
	
100,000
	
	
	
100,000
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
6.5%
	
	
February	2018
Solar	Bonds
	
	
32,016
	
	
	
7,008
	
	
	
24,940
	
	
	
—
	
	
2.6%-5.8%
	
	
March	2018-
January	2031
Total	recourse	debt
	
	
7,239,233
	
	
	
350,565
	
	
	
6,404,811
	
	
	
729,929
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Non-recourse	debt:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Warehouse	Agreements
	
	
673,811
	
	
	
195,382
	
	
	
477,867
	
	
	
426,189
	
	
	
3.1
%
	
September	2019
Canada	Credit	Facility
	
	
86,708
	
	
	
31,106
	
	
	
55,603
	
	
	
—
	
	
3.6%-5.1%
	
	
November	2021
Term	Loan	due	in	December	2018
	
	
157,095
	
	
	
156,884
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
19,534
	
	
4.8%
	
	
December	2018
Term	Loan	due	in	January	2021
	
	
176,290
	
	
	
5,885
	
	
	
169,352
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.9%
	
	
January	2021
Revolving	Aggregation	Credit	Facility
	
	
161,796
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
158,733
	
	
	
438,204
	
	
4.1%-4.5%
	
	
December	2019
Solar	Renewable	Energy	Credit	Loan	Facility
	
	
38,575
	
	
	
15,858
	
	
	
22,774
	
	
	
—
	
	
7.3%
	
	
July	2021
Cash	equity	debt
	
	
482,133
	
	
	
12,334
	
	
	
454,421
	
	
	
—
	
	
5.3%-5.8%
	
	
July	2033-January	2035
Solar	asset-backed	notes
	
	
907,241
	
	
	
23,829
	
	
	
856,586
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.0%-7.7%
	
	
November	2038-February	2048
Solar	loan-backed	notes
	
	
244,498
	
	
	
8,006
	
	
	
228,838
	
	
	
—
	
	
4.8%-7.5%
	
	
September	2048-September
2049
Total	non-recourse	debt
	
	
2,928,147
	
	
	
449,284
	
	
	
2,424,174
	
	
	
883,927
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	debt
	
$
10,167,380
	
	
$
799,849
	
	
$
8,828,985
	
	
$
1,613,856
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
*
Unused	committed	amounts	under	some	of	our	credit	facilities	and	financing	funds	are	subject	to	satisfying	specified	conditions	prior	to	draw-down	(such	as	pledging	to	our	lenders	sufficient	amounts	of
qualified	receivables,	inventories,	leased	vehicles	and	our	interests	in	those	leases,	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts,	our	interests	in	financing	funds	or	various	other	assets).	Upon
draw-down	of	any	unused	committed	amounts,	there	are	no	restrictions	on	use	of	available	funds	for	general	corporate	purposes.
Recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	our	general	assets.	Non-recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	only	specified	assets	of
our	subsidiaries.	The	differences	between	the	unpaid	principal	balances	and	the	net	carrying	values	are	due	to	convertible	senior	note	conversion
features,	debt	discounts	or	deferred	financing	costs.	As	of	
December	31,	2018
,	we	were	in	compliance	with	all	financial	debt	covenants,	which	include
minimum	liquidity	and	expense-coverage	balances	and	ratios.
2018	Notes,	Bond	Hedges	and	Warrant	Transactions
In	May	2013,	we	issued	$660.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	1.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	June	2018	in	a	public	offering.
The	net	proceeds	from	the	issuance,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were	$648.0	million.
109	
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	2018	Notes	is	initially	convertible	into	8.0306	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	an	initial
conversion	price	of	$124.52	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events.	Holders	of	the	2018	Notes	may	convert,	at	their
option,	on	or	after	March	1,	2018.	Further,	holders	of	the	2018	Notes	may	convert,	at	their	option,	prior	to	March	1,	2018	only	under	the	following
circumstances:	(1)	during	any	quarter	beginning	after	September	30,	2013,	if	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	for	at	least	20	trading	days
(whether	or	not	consecutive)	during	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	immediately	preceding	the	quarter	is	greater	than	or	equal	to	130%	of	the
conversion	price;	(2)	during	the	five-business	day	period	following	any	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	in	which	the	trading	price	of	the	2018	Notes
is	less	than	98%	of	the	product	of	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	for	each	day	during	such	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	or	(3)	if	we	make
specified	distributions	to	holders	of	our	common	stock	or	if	specified	corporate	transactions	occur.	Upon	conversion,	we	would	pay	cash	for	the
principal	amount	and,	if	applicable,	deliver	shares	of	our	common	stock	(subject	to	our	right	to	deliver	cash	in	lieu	of	all	or	a	portion	of	such	shares	of
our	common	stock)	based	on	a	daily	conversion	value.	If	a	fundamental	change	occurs	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	holders	of	the	2018	Notes	may	require
us	to	repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their	2018	Notes	for	cash	at	a	repurchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	plus	any	accrued	and	unpaid
interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate	events	occur	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	we	would	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to
convert	its	2018	Notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certain	circumstances.
In	accordance	with	GAAP	relating	to	embedded	conversion	features,	we	initially	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	feature	associated	with
the	2018	Notes.	We	recorded	to	stockholders’	equity	$82.8	million	for	the	conversion	feature.	The	resulting	debt	discount	is	being	amortized	to	interest
expense	at	an	effective	interest	rate	of	4.29%.
In	connection	with	the	offering	of	the	2018	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	have	the	option	to	purchase
initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	5.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$124.52	per	share.	The	cost	of	the
convertible	note	hedge	transactions	was	$177.5	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants	have	the	option	to	purchase
initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	5.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$184.48	per	share.	We	received
$120.3	million	in	cash	proceeds	from	the	sale	of	these	warrants.	Taken	together,	the	purchase	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of	the
warrants	are	intended	to	reduce	potential	dilution	from	the	conversion	of	the	2018	Notes	and	to	effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	price	from
$124.52	to	$184.48	per	share.	As	these	transactions	meet	certain	accounting	criteria,	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	are	recorded	in
stockholders’	equity	and	are	not	accounted	for	as	derivatives.	The	net	cost	incurred	in	connection	with	the	convertible	note	hedge	and	warrant
transactions	was	recorded	as	a	reduction	to	additional	paid-in	capital	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
During	the	first	quarter	of	2018
,	$5.2	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2018	Notes	were	converted	for	$5.2
	
million	in	cash	and
25,745	shares	of	our	common	stock.	As	a	result,	we	recognized	a	loss	on	debt	extinguishment	of	less	than	$0.1	million.
As	of	June	30,	2018,	the	2018	Notes	had	been	completely	settled.
2019	Notes,	2021	Notes,	Bond	Hedges	and	Warrant	Transactions
In	March	2014,	we	issued	$800.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	March	2019	and	$1.20	billion
in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	March	2021	in	a	public	offering.	In	April	2014,	we	issued	an	additional
$120.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2019	Notes	and	$180.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2021	Notes,	pursuant	to	the
exercise	in	full	of	the	overallotment	options	by	the	underwriters.	The	total	net	proceeds	from	the	issuances,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were
$905.8	million	for	the	2019	Notes	and	$1.36	billion	for	the	2021	Notes.
110	
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	these	notes	is	initially	convertible	into	2.7788	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	an	initial
conversion	price	of	$359.87	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events.	Holders	of	these	notes	may	elect	to	convert	on	or
after	December	1,	2018	for	the	2019	Notes	and	December	1,	2020	for	the	2021	Notes.	The	settlement	of	such	an	election	to	convert	the	2019	Notes
would	be	in	cash	and/or	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	we	intend	to	settle	in	cash,	on	the	maturity	date.	The	settlement	of	such	an	election	to
convert	the	2021	Notes	would	be	in	cash	for	the	principal	amount	and,	if	applicable,	shares	of	our	common	stock	(subject	to	our	right	to	deliver	cash	in
lieu	of	all	or	a	portion	of	such	shares	of	our	common	stock),	on	the	maturity	date.	Further,	holders	of	these	notes	may	convert,	at	their	option,	prior	to
the	respective	dates	above	only	under	the	following	circumstances:	(1)	during	a	quarter	in	which	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	for	at	least
20	trading	days	(whether	or	not	consecutive)	during	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	immediately	preceding	the	quarter	is	greater	than	or	equal	to
130%	of	the	conversion	price;	(2)	during	the	five-business	day	period	following	any	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	in	which	the	trading	price	of
these	notes	is	less	than	98%	of	the	product	of	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	for	each	day	during	such	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	or	(3)
if	we	make	specified	distributions	to	holders	of	our	common	stock	or	if	specified	corporate	transactions	occur.	Upon	such	a	conversion	of	the	2019
Notes,	we	would	pay	or	deliver	(as	applicable)	cash,	shares	of	our	common	stock	or	a	combination	thereof,	at	our	election.	Upon	such	a	conversion	of
the	2021	Notes,	we	would	pay	cash	for	the	principal	amount	and,	if	applicable,	deliver	shares	of	our	common	stock	(subject	to	our	right	to	deliver	cash
in	lieu	of	all	or	a	portion	of	such	shares	of	our	common	stock)	based	on	a	daily	conversion	value.	If	a	fundamental	change	occurs	prior	to	the	applicable
maturity	date,	holders	of	these	notes	may	require	us	to	repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their	notes	for	cash	at	a	repurchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the
principal	amount	plus	any	accrued	and	unpaid	interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate	events	occur	prior	to	the	applicable	maturity	date,	we	would
increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	their	notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certain	circumstances.	
As	of
December	31,	2018,	none	of	the	conditions	permitting	the	holders	of	2021	Notes	to	early	convert	had	been	met.	Therefore,	2021	Notes	were	classified
as	long-term.
In	accordance	with	GAAP	relating	to	embedded	conversion	features,	we	initially	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	features	associated	with
these	notes.	We	recorded	to	stockholders’	equity	$188.1	million	for	the	2019	Notes’	conversion	feature	and	$369.4	million	for	the	2021	Notes’
conversion	feature.	The	resulting	debt	discounts	are	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	at	an	effective	interest	rate	of	4.89%	and	5.96%,	respectively.
In	connection	with	the	offering	of	these	notes	in	March	2014,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	have	the	option
to	purchase	initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	a	total	of	5.6	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$359.87	per
share.	The	total	cost	of	the	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	was	$524.7	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants
have	the	option	to	purchase	initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	2.2	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$512.66	per
share	for	the	2019	Notes	and	3.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$560.64	per	share	for	2021	Notes.	We	received	$338.4	million	in	total
cash	proceeds	from	the	sales	of	these	warrants.	Similarly,	in	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the	additional	notes	in	April	2014,	we	entered	into
convertible	note	hedge	transactions	and	paid	a	total	of	$78.7	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	to	purchase	initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for
certain	specified	events)	0.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$512.66	per	share	for	the	2019	Notes	and	0.5	million	shares	of	our
common	stock	at	a	price	of	$560.64	per	share	for	the	2021	Notes.	We	received	$50.8	million	in	total	cash	proceeds	from	the	sales	of	these	warrants.
Taken	together,	the	purchases	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sales	of	the	warrants	are	intended	to	reduce	potential	dilution	and/or	cash
payments	from	the	conversion	of	these	notes	and	to	effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	price	from	$359.87	to	$512.66	per	share	for	the	2019
Notes	and	from	$359.87	to	$560.64	per	share	for	the	2021	Notes.	As	these	transactions	meet	certain	accounting	criteria,	the	convertible	note	hedges
and	warrants	are	recorded	in	stockholders’	equity	and	are	not	accounted	for	as	derivatives.	The	net	cost	incurred	in	connection	with	the	convertible
note	hedge	and	warrant	transactions	was	recorded	as	a	reduction	to	additional	paid-in	capital	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
2022	Notes,	Bond	Hedges	and	Warrant	Transactions
In	March	2017,	we	issued	$977.5	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2.375%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	March	2022	in	a	public
offering.	The	net	proceeds	from	the	issuance,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were	$965.9	million.
111	
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	2022	Notes	is	initially	convertible	into	3.0534	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	an	initial
conversion	price	of	$327.50	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events.	Holders	of	the	2022	Notes	may	convert,	at	their
option,	on	or	after	December	15,	2021.	Further,	holders	of	the	2022	Notes	may	convert,	at	their	option,	prior	to	December	15,	2021	only	under	the
following	circumstances:	(1)	during	any	quarter	beginning	after	June	30,	2017,	if	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	for	at	least	20	trading	days
(whether	or	not	consecutive)	during	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	immediately	preceding	the	quarter	is	greater	than	or	equal	to	130%	of	the
conversion	price;	(2)	during	the	five-business	day	period	following	any	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	in	which	the	trading	price	of	the	2022	Notes
is	less	than	98%	of	the	product	of	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	for	each	day	during	such	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	or	(3)	if	we	make
specified	distributions	to	holders	of	our	common	stock	or	if	specified	corporate	transactions	occur.	Upon	a	conversion,	we	would	pay	cash	for	the
principal	amount	and,	if	applicable,	deliver	shares	of	our	common	stock	(subject	to	our	right	to	deliver	cash	in	lieu	of	all	or	a	portion	of	such	shares	of
our	common	stock)	based	on	a	daily	conversion	value.	If	a	fundamental	change	occurs	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	holders	of	the	2022	Notes	may	require
us	to	repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their	2022	Notes	for	cash	at	a	repurchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	plus	any	accrued	and	unpaid
interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate	events	occur	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	we	would	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to
convert	its	2022	Notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certain	circumstances.	As	of	December	31,	2018,	none	of	the	conditions	permitting	the
holders	of	the	2022	Notes	to	early	convert	had	been	met.	Therefore,	the	2022	Notes	are	classified	as	long-term.
In	accordance	with	GAAP	relating	to	embedded	conversion	features,	we	initially	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	feature	associated	with
the	2022	Notes.	We	recorded	to	stockholders’	equity	$145.6	million	for	the	conversion	feature.	The	resulting	debt	discount	is	being	amortized	to
interest	expense	at	an	effective	interest	rate	of	6.00%.
In	connection	with	the	offering	of	the	2022	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	have	the	option	to	purchase
initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	3.0	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$327.50	per	share.	The	cost	of	the
convertible	note	hedge	transactions	was	$204.1	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants	have	the	option	to	purchase
initially	(subject	to	adjustment	for	certain	specified	events)	3.0	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$655.00	per	share.	We	received
$52.9	million	in	cash	proceeds	from	the	sale	of	these	warrants.	Taken	together,	the	purchase	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of	the	warrants
are	intended	to	reduce	potential	dilution	from	the	conversion	of	the	2022	Notes	and	to	effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	price	from	$327.50	to
$655.00	per	share.	As	these	transactions	meet	certain	accounting	criteria,	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	are	recorded	in	stockholders’
equity	and	are	not	accounted	for	as	derivatives.	The	net	cost	incurred	in	connection	with	the	convertible	note	hedge	and	warrant	transactions	was
recorded	as	a	reduction	to	additional	paid-in	capital	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
2025	Notes
In	August	2017,	we	issued	$1.80	billion	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	unsecured	5.30%	Senior	Notes	due	in	August	2025	pursuant	to
Rule	144A	and	Regulation	S	under	the	Securities	Act.	The	net	proceeds	from	the	issuance,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were	$1.77	billion.
Credit	Agreement
In	June	2015,	we	entered	into	a	senior	asset-based	revolving	credit	agreement	(as	amended	from	time	to	time,	the	“Credit	Agreement”)	with	a
syndicate	of	banks.	Borrowed	funds	bear	interest,	at	our	option,	at	an	annual	rate	of	(a)	1%	plus	LIBOR	or	(b)	the	highest	of	(i)	the	federal	funds	rate
plus	0.50%,	(ii)	the	lenders’	“prime	rate”	or	(iii)	1%	plus	LIBOR.	The	fee	for	undrawn	amounts	is	0.25%	per	annum.	The	Credit	Agreement	is	secured	by
certain	of	our	accounts	receivable,	inventory	and	equipment.	Availability	under	the	Credit	Agreement	is	based	on	the	value	of	such	assets,	as	reduced
by	certain	reserves.
On	May	3,	2018,	the	Company	entered	into	the	Ninth	Amendment	(the	“Ninth	Amendment”)	to	the	Credit	Agreement.	The	Ninth	Amendment
amended	the	Credit	Agreement	to	permit	Tesla	to	include	in	its	discretion:	(i)	the	Fremont	Factory	facilities	in	the	U.S.	borrowing	base	and/or	(ii)
vehicles	in	and	in-transit	to	Belgium	in	the	Dutch	borrowing	base.
112	
Vehicle	and	Other	Loans
We	have	entered	into	various	vehicle	and	other	loan	agreements	with	various	financial	institutions.	The	vehicle	loans	are	secured	by	the
vehicles	financed	and	used	vehicles	owned	by	us.
2.75%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018
In	October	2013,	SolarCity	issued	$230.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	2.75%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	on	November	1,	2018	in
a	public	offering.
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	is	now	convertible	into	1.7838	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	a
conversion	price	of	$560.64	per	share	(subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events	related	to	dividends,	tender	offers	or	exchange
offers).	Holders	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	may	convert,	at	their	option,	at	any	time	up	to	and	including	the	second	trading	day	prior	to	the	maturity
date.	If	certain	events	that	would	constitute	a	make-whole	fundamental	change	(such	as	significant	changes	in	ownership,	corporate	structure	or
tradability	of	our	common	stock)	occur	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	we	would	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	its
convertible	senior	notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certain	circumstances.	The	maximum	conversion	rate	is	capped	at	2.3635	shares	for	each
$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	which	is	equivalent	to	a	minimum	conversion	price	of	$423.10	per	share.	The	convertible	senior
notes	do	not	have	a	cash	conversion	option.	The	convertible	senior	note	holders	may	require	us	to	repurchase	their	convertible	senior	notes	for	cash
only	under	certain	defined	fundamental	changes.
In	November	2018,	the	2.75%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2018	matured	and	aggregate	outstanding	principal	of	$230.0	million	was	fully
paid	off.
1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019
In	September	2014,	SolarCity	issued	$500.0	million	and	in	October	2014,	SolarCity	issued	an	additional	$66.0	million	in	aggregate	principal
amount	of	1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	on	November	1,	2019	in	a	private	placement.
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	is	now	convertible	into	1.3169	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	a
conversion	price	of	$759.36	per	share	(subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events	related	to	dividends,	tender	offers	or	exchange
offers).	The	maximum	conversion	rate	is	capped	at	1.7449	shares	for	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	which	is	equivalent	to	a
minimum	conversion	price	of	$573.10	per	share.	The	convertible	senior	notes	do	not	have	a	cash	conversion	option.	The	convertible	senior	note	holders
may	require	us	to	repurchase	their	convertible	senior	notes	for	cash	only	under	certain	defined	fundamental	changes.
In	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	in	September	and	October	2014,	SolarCity	entered	into	capped	call	option
agreements	to	reduce	the	potential	dilution	upon	the	conversion	of	the	convertible	senior	notes.	Specifically,	upon	the	exercise	of	the	capped	call
options,	we	would	now	receive	shares	of	our	common	stock	equal	to	745,377	shares	multiplied	by	(a)	(i)	the	lower	of	$1,146.18	or	the	then	market	price
of	our	common	stock	less	(ii)	$759.36	and	divided	by	(b)	the	then	market	price	of	our	common	stock.	The	results	of	this	formula	are	that	we	would
receive	more	shares	as	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeds	$759.36	and	approaches	$1,146.18,	but	we	would	receive	less	shares	as	the
market	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeds	$1,146.18.	Consequently,	if	the	convertible	senior	notes	are	converted,	then	the	number	of	shares	to	be
issued	by	us	would	be	effectively	partially	offset	by	the	shares	received	by	us	under	the	capped	call	options.	We	can	also	elect	to	receive	the	equivalent
value	of	cash	in	lieu	of	shares.	The	capped	call	options	expire	on	various	dates	ranging	from	September	4,	2019	to	October	29,	2019,	and	the	formula
above	would	be	adjusted	in	the	event	of	a	merger;	a	tender	offer;	nationalization;	insolvency;	delisting	of	our	common	stock;	changes	in	law;	failure	to
deliver;	insolvency	filing;	stock	splits,	combinations,	dividends,	repurchases	or	similar	events	or	an	announcement	of	certain	of	the	preceding	actions.
Although	intended	to	reduce	the	net	number	of	shares	issued	after	a	conversion	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	the	capped	call	options	were	separately
negotiated	transactions,	are	not	a	part	of	the	terms	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	do	not	affect	the	rights	of	the	convertible	senior	note	holders	and
take	effect	regardless	of	whether	the	convertible	senior	notes	are	actually	converted.	The	capped	call	options	meet	the	criteria	for	equity	classification
because	they	are	indexed	to	our	common	stock	and	we	always	control	whether	settlement	will	be	in	shares	or	cash.
113	
Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2020
In	December	2015,	SolarCity	issued	$113.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	on	December	1,
2020	in	a	private	placement.	$13.0	million	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	were	issued	to	related	parties	(see	Note	21,	
Related	Party	Transactions
).
Each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes	is	now	convertible	into	3.3333	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	is	equivalent	to	a
conversion	price	of	$300.00	per	share	(subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events	related	to	dividends,	tender	offers	or	exchange
offers).	The	maximum	conversion	rate	is	capped	at	4.2308	shares	for	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	convertible	senior	notes,	which	is	equivalent	to	a
minimum	conversion	price	of	$236.36	per	share.	The	convertible	senior	notes	do	not	have	a	cash	conversion	option.	The	convertible	senior	note	holders
may	require	us	to	repurchase	their	convertible	senior	notes	for	cash	only	under	certain	defined	fundamental	changes.	On	or	after	June	30,	2017,	the
convertible	senior	notes	are	redeemable	by	us	in	the	event	that	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeds	200%	of	the	conversion	price	for	45
consecutive	trading	days	ending	within	three	trading	days	of	such	redemption	notice	at	a	redemption	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	plus
any	accrued	and	unpaid	interest.
Related	Party	Promissory	Notes
In	April,	2017,	our	CEO,	SolarCity’s	former	CEO	and	SolarCity’s	former	Chief	Technology	Officer	exchanged	their	$100.0	million	(collectively)	in
aggregate	principal	amount	of	6.50%	Solar	Bonds	due	in	February	2018	for	promissory	notes	in	the	same	amounts	and	with	substantially	the	same
terms.
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,	we	fully	repaid	the	$100.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	6.50%	promissory	notes	held	by
our	CEO,	SolarCity’s	former	CEO	and	SolarCity’s	former	Chief	Technology	Officer.
Solar	Bonds
Solar	Bonds	are	senior	unsecured	obligations	that	are	structurally	subordinate	to	the	indebtedness	and	other	liabilities	of	our	subsidiaries.	Solar
Bonds	were	issued	under	multiple	series	with	various	terms	and	interest	rates.	See	Note	21,	
Related	Party	Transactions
,	for	Solar	Bonds	issued	to
related	parties.
Warehouse	Agreements
In	August	2016,	our	subsidiaries	entered	into	the	a	loan	and	security	agreement	(the	“2016	Warehouse	Agreement”)	for	borrowings	secured	by
the	future	cash	flows	arising	from	certain	leases	and	the	associated	leased	vehicles.	On	August	17,	2017,	the	2016	Warehouse	Agreement	was	amended
to	modify	the	interest	rates	and	extend	the	availability	period	and	the	maturity	date,	and	our	subsidiaries	entered	into	another	loan	and	security
agreement	(the	“2017	Warehouse	Agreement”)	with	substantially	the	same	terms	as	and	that	shares	the	same	committed	amount	with	the	2016
Warehouse	Agreement.	On	August	16,	2018,	the	2016	Warehouse	Agreement	and	2017	Warehouse	Agreement	were	amended	to	extend	the	availability
period	from	August	17,	2018	to	August	16,	2019	and	extend	the	maturity	date	from	September	2019	to	September	2020.	On	December	28,	2018,	our
subsidiaries	terminated	the	2017	Warehouse	Agreement	after	having	fully	repaid	all	obligations	thereunder,	and	entered	into	a	third	loan	and	security
agreement	with	substantially	the	same	terms	as	and	that	shares	the	same	committed	amount	with	the	2016	Warehouse	Agreement.	We	refer	to	these
agreements	together	as	the	“Warehouse	Agreements.”	Amounts	drawn	under	the	Warehouse	Agreements	generally	bear	interest	at	a	fixed	margin
above	(i)	LIBOR	or	(ii)	the	commercial	paper	rate.	The	Warehouse	Agreements	are	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Pursuant	to	the	Warehouse	Agreements,	an	undivided	beneficial	interest	in	the	future	cash	flows	arising	from	certain	leases	and	the	related
leased	vehicles	has	been	sold	for	legal	purposes	but	continues	to	be	reported	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	The	interest	in	the	future	cash
flows	arising	from	these	leases	and	the	related	vehicles	is	not	available	to	pay	the	claims	of	our	creditors	other	than	pursuant	to	obligations	to	the
lenders	under	the	Warehouse	Agreements.
	
Any	excess	cash	flows	not	required	to	pay	obligations	under	the	Warehouse	Agreements	are	available	for
distributions.
During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,	we	repaid	$1.16	billion	of	the	principal	outstanding	under	the	Warehouse	Agreements.
114	
Canada	Credit	Facility
In	December	2016,	one	of	our	subsidiaries	entered	into	a	credit	agreement	(the	“Canada	Credit	Facility”)	with	a	bank	for	borrowings	secured	by
our	interests	in	certain	vehicle	leases.	In	December	2017	and	December	2018,	the	Canada	Credit	Facility	was	amended	to	add	our	interests	in
additional	vehicle	leases	as	collateral,	allowing	us	to	draw	additional	funds.	Amounts	drawn	under	the	Canada	Credit	Facility	bear	interest	at	fixed
rates.	The	Canada	Credit	Facility	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Term	Loan	due	in	2019
In	March	2016,	a	subsidiary	of	SolarCity	entered	into	an	agreement	for	a	term	loan.	The	term	loan	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	the
lender’s	cost	of	funds	plus	3.25%.	The	fee	for	undrawn	commitments	is	0.85%	per	annum.	On	March
	
31,	2017,	the	agreement	was	amended	to	upsize
the	committed	amount,	extend	the	availability	period	and	extend	the	maturity	date.	The	term	loan	is	secured	by	substantially	all	of	the	assets	of	the
subsidiary	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.	The	term	loan	had	an	original	maturity	date	of	December	2018	and	on	December	19,	2018,	the
maturity	date	was	extended	to	January	2019.	On	January	30,	2019,	the	maturity	date	of	the	term	loan	was	further	extended	to	April	2019.
Term	Loan	due	in	2021
In	January	2016,	a	subsidiary	of	SolarCity	entered	into	an	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	for	a	term	loan.	The	term	loan	bears	interest	at
an	annual	rate	of	three-month	LIBOR	plus	3.50%.	The	term	loan	is	secured	by	substantially	all	of	the	assets	of	the	subsidiary,	including	its	interests	in
certain	financing	funds,	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Revolving	Aggregation	Credit	Facility
I
n	May	2015,	a	subsidiary	of	SolarCity	entered	into	an	agreement	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	for	a	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility.	On
March	23,	2016	and	June	23,	2017,	the	agreement	was	amended	to	modify	the	interest	rates	and	extend	the	availability	period	and	the	maturity	date.
The	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility	bears	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of	2.75%	plus	(i)	for	commercial	paper	loans,	the	commercial	paper	rate	and
(ii)	for	LIBOR	loans,	at	our	option,	three-month	LIBOR	or	daily	LIBOR.	The	revolving	aggregation	credit	facility	is	secured	by	certain	assets	of	certain	of
our	subsidiaries	and	was	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.	On	December	28,	2018,	the	aggregate	outstanding	principal	amount	of	$210.2	million	was
repaid	and	the	Revolving	Aggregation	Credit	Facility	was	terminated.
Cash	Equity	Debt	I
In	connection	with	the	cash	equity	financing	on	May	2,	2016,	SolarCity	issued	$121.7	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	debt	that	bears
interest	at	a	fixed	rate.	This	debt	is	secured	by,	among	other	things,	our	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Cash	Equity	Debt	II
In	connection	with	the	cash	equity	financing	on	September	8,	2016,	SolarCity	issued	$210.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	debt	that
bears	interest	at	a	fixed	rate.	This	debt	is	secured	by,	among	other	things,	our	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other
assets.
Cash	Equity	Debt	III
In	connection	with	the	cash	equity	financing	on	December	16,	2016,	we	issued	$170.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	debt	that	bears
interest	at	a	fixed	rate.	This	debt	is	secured	by,	among	other	things,	our	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
115	
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2013-1
In	November	2013,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	Special
Purpose	Entity	(“SPE”)	and	issued	$54.4	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2013-1,	backed	by	these	solar	assets
to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	As	of	December	31,	2018,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying
value	of	$85.1	million	and	are	included	within	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-
backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	0.05%.	The	cash	flows	generated	by	these	solar	assets	are	used	to	service	the	monthly	principal	and	interest
payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned
subsidiaries.	We	recognize	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets
and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to
our	other	assets.	SolarCity	contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	&	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	the	solar	energy	systems.
In	connection	with	the	pooling	of	the	solar	assets	that	were	transferred	to	the	SPE	in	November	2013,	SolarCity	terminated	a	lease	pass-
through	arrangement	with	an	investor.	The	lease	pass-through	arrangement	had	been	accounted	for	as	a	borrowing,	and	the	amount	outstanding	under
the	lease	pass-through	arrangement	was	recorded	as	a	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation.	The	balance	that	was	then	outstanding	under	the	lease
pass-through	arrangement	was	$56.4	million.	SolarCity	paid	the	investor	an	aggregate	of	$40.2	million,	and	the	remaining	balance	is	paid	over	time
using	the	net	cash	flows	generated	by	the	assets	previously	leased	under	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement,	after	payment	of	the	principal	and
interest	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	expenses	related	to	the	assets	and	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes;	this	was	contractually	documented	as	a
right	to	participate	in	the	future	cash	flows	of	the	SPE	(“participation	interest”).	The	participation	interest	was	recorded	as	a	component	of	other	long-
term	liabilities	for	the	non-current	portion	and	accrued	liabilities	for	the	current	portion.	We	account	for	the	participation	interest	as	a	liability	because
the	investor	has	no	voting	or	management	rights	in	the	SPE,	the	participation	interest	would	terminate	upon	the	investor	achieving	a	specified	return
and	the	investor	has	the	option	to	put	the	participation	interest	to	us	on	August	3,	2021	for	the	amount	necessary	for	the	investor	to	achieve	the
specified	return,	which	would	require	us	to	settle	the	participation	interest	in	cash.	In	addition,	under	the	terms	of	the	participation	interest,	we	have
the	option	to	purchase	the	participation	interest	from	the	investor	for	the	amount	necessary	for	the	investor	to	achieve	the	specified	return.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	2014-1
In	April	2014,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued
$70.2	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-1,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly
owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	As	of	December	31,	2018,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	$
104.4
	million	and	are
included	within	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a
discount	of	0.01%.	The	cash	flows	generated	by	these	solar	assets	are	used	to	service	the	monthly	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-
backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	We	recognize	revenue
earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to
our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.	SolarCity
contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	&	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	the	solar	energy	systems.
116	
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2
In	July	2014,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued
$160.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2,	Class	A,	and	$41.5	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2014-2,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the
financial	statements.	As	of	December	31,	2018,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	
$244.5
	million	and	are	included	within	solar	energy	systems,
leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	0.01%.	These	solar	assets
and	the	associated	customer	contracts	are	leased	to	an	investor	under	a	lease	pass-through	arrangement	that	we	have	accounted	for	as	a	borrowing.
The	rent	paid	by	the	investor	under	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement	is	used	(and	following	the	expiration	of	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement,
the	cash	generated	by	these	solar	assets	will	be	used)	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and
satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	We	recognize	revenue	earned	from	the
associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other
creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.	SolarCity	contracted	with
the	SPE	to	provide	operations	&	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	certain	of	the	solar	energy	systems.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2015-1
In	August	2015,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	its	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$103.5	million	in	aggregate
principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2015-1,	Class	A,	and	$20.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,
Series	2015-1,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	The
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	0.05%	for	Class	A	and	1.46%	for	Class	B.	The	cash	distributed	by	the	underlying	financing	funds
to	the	SPE	are	used	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any
remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the
creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-1
In	February	2016,	SolarCity	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued
$52.2	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-1,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly
owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	As	of	December	31,	2018,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	$
80.3
	million	and	are
included	within	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a
discount	of	6.71%.	These	solar	assets	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	are	leased	to	an	investor	under	a	lease	pass-through	arrangement	that	we
have	accounted	for	as	a	borrowing.	The	rent	paid	by	the	investor	under	the	lease	pass-through	arrangement	is	used	(and	following	the	expiration	of	the
lease	pass-through	arrangement,	the	cash	generated	by	these	solar	assets	will	be	used)	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on
the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	We
recognize	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows
are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other
assets.	SolarCity	contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	&	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	certain	of	the	solar	energy	systems.
117	
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-1
In	November	2017,	we	pooled	and	transferred	our	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$265.0	million	in	aggregate
principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-1,	Class	A,	and	$75.0	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,
Series	2017-1,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	The
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	0.01%	for	Class	A	and	0.04%	for	Class	B.	The	cash	distributed	by	the	underlying	financing	funds
to	the	SPE	are	used	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any
remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the
creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-2
In	December	2017,	we	transferred	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$99.0	million	in
aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-2,	Class	A,	and	$31.9	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed
Notes,	Series	2017-2,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.
As	of	December	31,	2018,	these	solar	assets	had	a	carrying	value	of	
$204.7
	million	and	are	included	within	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be
leased,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	0.01%	for	Class	A	and	0.04%	for	Class	B.
Most	of	these	solar	assets	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	are	leased	to	investors	under	lease	pass-through	arrangements	that	we	have
accounted	for	as	borrowings.	The	rent	paid	by	the	investors	under	the	lease	pass-through	arrangements	is	used	(and	following	the	expiration	of	the
lease	pass-through	arrangements,	the	cash	generated	by	these	solar	assets	will	be	used)	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on
the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	We
recognize	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows
are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other
assets.	We	contracted	with	the	SPE	to	provide	operations	&	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	certain	of	the	solar	energy	systems.
Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2018-1
In	December	2018,	we	pooled	and	transferred	our	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$334.1	million	in	aggregate
principal	amount	of	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2018-1	backed	by	these	solar	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is
consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	The	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	par	value.	The	cash	distributed	by	the	underlying	financing	funds
to	the	SPE	are	used	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any
remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the
creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-A
In	January	2016,	SolarCity	pooled	and	transferred	certain	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$151.6	million	in
aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2016-A,	Class	A,	and	$33.4	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Loan-backed
Notes,	Series	2016-A,	Class	B,	backed	by	these	notes	receivable	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial
statements.	The	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	3.22%	for	Class	A	and	15.90%	for	Class	B.	The	payments	received	by	the	SPE
from	these	notes	receivable	are	used	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s
expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other
creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Loan-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.
118	
Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-A
In	January
	2017,	we	pooled	and	transferred	certain	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$123.0	million	in	aggregate
principal	amount	of	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-A,	Class	A;	$8.8	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,
Series	2017-A,	Class	B,	and	$13.2
	
million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	Series	2017-A,	Class	C,	backed	by	these	notes
receivable	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	Accordingly,	we	did	not	recognize	a	gain	or	loss
on	the	transfer	of	these	notes	receivable.	The	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes	were	issued	at	a	discount	of	1.87%	for	Class	A,	1.86%	for	Class	B	and	8.13%	for
Class	C.	The	payments	received	by	the	SPE	from	these	notes	receivable	are	used	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the
Solar	Loan-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	The	SPE’s
assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Solar	Loan-backed	Note	holders,	have	no
recourse	to	our	other	assets.
Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2018-A
In	February	2018,	we	transferred	receivables	related	to	certain	leased	vehicles	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$546.1	million	in	aggregate	principal
amount	of	Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2018-A,	backed	by	these	automotive	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is
consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	The	proceeds	from	the	issuance,	net	of	discounts	and	fees,	were	$543.1	million.	The	cash	flows	generated	by
these	automotive	assets	are	used	to	service	the	monthly	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s
expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	We	recognize	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer
lease	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the
creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Automotive	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.	A	third-party	contracted	with	us	to
provide	administrative	and	collection	services	for	these	automotive	assets.
Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2018-B
In	December	2018,	we	transferred	receivables	related	to	certain	leased	vehicles	into	a	SPE	and	issued	$837.4	million	in	aggregate	principal
amount	of	Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes,	Series	2018-B,	backed	by	these	automotive	assets	to	investors.	The	SPE	is	wholly	owned	by	us	and	is
consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	The	proceeds	from	the	issuance,	net	of	discounts	and	fees,	were	$833.1	million.	The	cash	flows	generated	by
these	automotive	assets	are	used	to	service	the	monthly	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPE’s
expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries.	We	recognize	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer
lease	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPE’s	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the
creditors	of	the	SPE,	including	the	Automotive	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.	A	third-party	contracted	with	us	to
provide	administrative	and	collection	services	for	these	automotive	assets.
Solar	Renewable	Energy	Credit	and	other	Loans
We	have	entered	into	various	solar	renewable	energy	credit	and	other	loan	agreements	with	various	financial	institutions.	The	solar	renewable
energy	credit	loan	facility	is	secured	by	substantially	all	of	the	assets	of	one	of	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries,	including	its	rights	under	forward
contracts	to	sell	solar	renewable	energy	credits,	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.
119	
Interest	Expense
The	following	table	presents	the	interest	expense	related	to	the	contractual	interest	coupon,	the	amortization	of	debt	issuance	costs	and	the
amortization	of	debt	discounts	on	our	convertible	senior	notes	with	cash	conversion	features,	which	include	the	2018	Notes,	the	2019	Notes,	the
2021	Notes	and	the	2022	Notes	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Contractual	interest	coupon
	
$
42,694
	
	
$
39,129
	
	
$
27,060
	
Amortization	of	debt	issuance	costs
	
	
6,629
	
	
	
6,932
	
	
	
8,567
	
Amortization	of	debt	discounts
	
	
123,560
	
	
	
114,023
	
	
	
99,811
	
Total
	
$
172,883
	
	
$
160,084
	
	
$
135,438
	
Pledged	Assets
As	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017,	we	had	pledged	or	restricted	
$5.23
	billion	and	$4.05	billion	of	our	assets	(consisted	principally	of	restricted
cash,	receivables,	inventory,	SRECs,	solar	energy	systems,	property	and	equipment)	as	collateral	for	our	outstanding	debt.
	
Note	14	–	Common	Stock
In	May	2016,	we	completed	a	public	offering	of	common	stock	and	sold	a	total	of	7,915,004	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	total	cash	proceeds
of	approximately	$1.7	billion,	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs.
On	November	21,	2016,	we	completed	the	acquisition	of	SolarCity	(see	Note	3,	
Business	Combinations
)	and	exchanged	11,124,497	shares	of	our
common	stock	for	101,131,791	shares	of	SolarCity	common	stock	in	accordance	with	the	terms	of	the	Merger	Agreement.
In	March	2017,	we	completed	a	public	offering	of	our	common	stock	and	issued	a	total	of	1,536,259	shares	for	total	cash	proceeds	of
$399.6	million	(including	95,420	shares	purchased	by	our	CEO	for	$25.0	million),	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs.
In	April	2017,	our	CEO	exercised	his	right	under	the	indenture	to	convert	all	of	his	Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2020,	which
had	an	aggregate	principal	amount	of	$10.0	million.	As	a	result,	
on	April	26,	2017,	we	issued	33,333	shares	
of	our	common	stock	to	our	CEO	in
accordance	with	the	specified	conversion	rate,	and
	we	recorded	an	increase	to	additional	paid-in	capital	of	$10.3	million	(see	Note	13,	
Long-Term	Debt
Obligations
).
During
	2017,	we	issued	1,510,274	shares	of	our	common	stock	and	paid	$32.7	million	in	cash	pursuant	to	conversions	by	or	exchange
agreements	entered	into	with	holders	of	$199.5	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2018	Notes	(see	Note	13,	
Long-Term	Debt	Obligations
).	As
a	result,	we	recorded	an	increase	to	additional	paid-in	capital	of	$163.0	million.	In	addition,	we	settled	portions	of	the	bond	hedges	and	warrants
entered	into	in	connection	with	the	2018	Notes,	resulting	in	a	net	cash	inflow	of	$56.8	million	(which	was	recorded	as	an	increase	to	additional	paid-in
capital),	the	issuance	of	34,393	shares	of	our	common	stock	and	the	receipt	of	169,890	shares	of	our	common	stock.
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2017,	we	issued	34,772	shares	of	our	common	stock	as	part	of	the	purchase	consideration	for	an	acquisition.
During	the	year	ended	2018,	$5.2	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2018	Notes	were	converted	for	$5.2	million	in	cash	and	25,745
shares	of	our	common	stock.	We	also	settled	bond	hedges	entered	into	in	connection	with	the	2018	Notes,	resulting	in	the	receipt	of	25,745	shares	of
our	common	stock.	Additionally,	we	settled	the	remaining	warrants	entered	into	in	connection	with	the	2018	Notes	by	issuing	238,195	shares	of	our
common	stock.
In	November	2018,	our	CEO	purchased	from	us	56,915	shares	of	our	common	stock	in	a	private	placement	at	a	per	share	price	equal	to	the	last
closing	price	of	our	stock	prior	to	the	execution	of	the	purchase	agreement	for	an	aggregate	$20.0	million.
	
	
120	
Note	15	–	Equity	Incentive	Plans
In	2010,	we	adopted	the	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan	(the	“2010	Plan”).	The	2010	Plan	provides	for	the	granting	of	stock	options,	RSUs	and	stock
purchase	rights	to	our	employees,	directors	and	consultants.	Stock	options	granted	under	the	2010	Plan	may	be	either	incentive	stock	options	or
nonqualified	stock	options.	Incentive	stock	options	may	only	be	granted	to	our	employees.	Nonqualified	stock	options	may	be	granted	to	our	employees,
directors	and	consultants.	Generally,	our	stock	options	and	RSUs	vest	over	four	years	and	are	exercisable	over	a	maximum	period	of	10	years	from	their
grant	dates.	Vesting	typically	terminates	when	the	employment	or	consulting	relationship	ends.	In	addition,	as	a	result	of	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity,
we	assumed	its	equity	award	plans	and	its	outstanding	equity	awards	as	of	the	Acquisition	Date.	SolarCity’s	outstanding	equity	awards	were	converted
into	equity	awards	to	acquire	our	common	stock	in	share	amounts	and	prices	based	on	the	Exchange	Ratio,	with	the	equity	awards	retaining	the	same
vesting	and	other	terms	and	conditions	as	in	effect	immediately	prior	to	the	acquisition.	The	vesting	and	other	terms	and	conditions	of	the	assumed
equity	awards	are	substantially	the	same	as	those	of	the	2010	Plan.
As	of	December	31,	2018,	9,089,194	shares	were	reserved	and	available	for	issuance	under	the	2010	Plan.
The	following	table	summarizes	our	stock	option	and	RSU	activity:
	
	
	
Stock	Options
	
	
RSUs
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted-
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted-
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Weighted-
	
	
Average
	
Aggregate
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Average
	
	
Remaining
	
Intrinsic
	
	
	
	
	
	
Grant
	
	
	
Number	of
	
	
Exercise
	
	
Contractual
	
Value
	
	
Number
	
	
Date	Fair
	
	
	
Options
	
	
Price
	
	
Life	(Years)
	
(Billions)
	
	
of	RSUs
	
	
Value
	
Balance,	December	31,	2017
	
	
10,881,025
	
	
$
105.56
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
4,689,310
	
	
$
265.43
	
Granted
	
	
22,535,566
	
	
$
346.56
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
3,043,155
	
	
$
316.46
	
Exercised	or	released
	
	
(1,386,509
)
	
$
120.40
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
(1,724,395
)
	
$
258.51
	
Cancelled
	
	
(822,228
)
	
$
315.48
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
(1,349,156
)
	
$
278.10
	
Balance,	December	31,	2018
	
	
31,207,854
	
	
$
273.40
	
	
7.6
	
$
2.25
	
	
	
4,658,914
	
	
$
294.63
	
Vested	and	expected	to	vest,
			December	31,	2018
	
	
15,312,577
	
	
$
206.44
	
	
6.4
	
$
2.07
	
	
	
4,656,864
	
	
$
294.62
	
Exercisable	and	vested,
			December	31,	2018
	
	
7,877,652
	
	
$
83.45
	
	
3.9
	
$
1.99
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
The	weighted-average	grant	date	fair	value	of	RSUs	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017,	and	2016	was	$316.46,	$308.71	and	$202.59,
respectively.	The	aggregate	release	date	fair	value	of	RSUs	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017	and	2016	was	$545.6	million,	$491.0	million
and	$203.9	million,	respectively.
The	aggregate	intrinsic	value	of	options	exercised	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017,	and	2016	was	$293.2	million,	$544.1	million
and	$1.68	billion,	respectively.
121	
Fair	Value	Assumptions
We	use	the	fair	value	method	in	recognizing	stock-based	compensation	expense.	Under	the	fair	value	method,	we	estimate	the	fair	value	of	each
stock	option	award	with	service	or	service	and	performance	conditions	and	the	ESPP	on	the	grant	date	generally	using	the	Black-Scholes	option	pricing
model	and	the	weighted-average	assumptions	in	the	following	table:
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Risk-free	interest	rate:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
2.5
%
	
	
1.8
%
	
	
1.5
%
ESPP
	
	
2.0
%
	
	
1.1
%
	
	
0.6
%
Expected	term	(in	years):
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
4.7
	
	
	
5.1
	
	
	
6.2
	
ESPP
	
	
0.5
	
	
	
0.5
	
	
	
0.5
	
Expected	volatility:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
42
%
	
	
42
%
	
	
47
%
ESPP
	
	
43
%
	
	
35
%
	
	
41
%
Dividend	yield:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
ESPP
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
	
	
0.0
%
Grant	date	fair	value	per	share:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Stock	options
	
$
121.92
	
	
$
122.25
	
	
$
98.70
	
ESPP
	
$
84.37
	
	
$
75.05
	
	
$
51.31
	
The	fair	value	of	RSUs	with	service	or	service	and	performance	conditions	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value
of	our	common	stock.	The	risk-free	interest	rate	is	based	on	the	U.S.	Treasury	yield	for	zero-coupon	U.S.	Treasury	notes	with	maturities	approximating
each	grant’s	expected	life.	Prior	to	the	fourth	quarter	of	2017,	given	our	then	limited	history	with	employee	grants,	we	used	the	“simplified”	method	in
estimating	the	expected	term	of	our	employee	grants;	the	simplified	method	utilizes	the	average	of	the	time-to-vesting	and	the	contractual	life	of	the
employee	grant.	Beginning	with	the	fourth	quarter	of	2017,	we	use	our	historical	data	in	estimating	the	expected	term	of	our	employee	grants.	The
expected	volatility	is	based	on	the	average	of	the	implied	volatility	of	publicly	traded	options	for	our	common	stock	and	the	historical	volatility	of	our
common	stock.
122	
2018	CEO	Performance	Award
In	March	2018,	our	stockholders	approved	the	Board	of	Directors’	grant	of	20,264,042	stock	option	awards	to	our	CEO	(the	“2018	CEO
Performance	Award”).	The	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	consists	of	12	vesting	tranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of
both	operational	milestones	(performance	conditions)	and	market	conditions,	assuming	continued	employment	either	as	the	CEO	or	as	both	Executive
Chairman	and	Chief	Product	Officer	and	service	through	each	vesting	date.	Each	of	the	12	vesting	tranches	of	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	will
vest	upon	certification	by	the	Board	of	Directors	that	both	(i)	the	market	capitalization	milestone	for	such	tranche,	which	begins	at	$100	billion	for	the
first	tranche	and	increases	by	increments	of	$50	billion	thereafter,	and	(ii)	any	one	of	the	following	eight	operational	milestones	focused	on	revenue	or
eight	operational	milestones	focused	on	Adjusted	EBITDA	have	been	met	for	the	previous	four	consecutive	fiscal	quarters	on	an	annualized	basis.
Adjusted	EBITDA	is	defined	as	net	income	(loss)	attributable	to	common	stockholders	before	interest	expense,	provision	(benefit)	for	income	taxes,
depreciation	and	amortization	and	stock-based	compensation.
	
Total	Annualized	Revenue
(in	billions)
	
Annualized	Adjusted	EBITDA
(in	billions)
$20.0
	
$1.5
$35.0
	
$3.0
$55.0
	
$4.5
$75.0
	
$6.0
$100.0
	
$8.0
$125.0
	
$10.0
$150.0
	
$12.0
$	175.0
	
$14.0
	
As	of	December	31,	2018,	the	following	operational	milestones	were	considered	probable	of	achievement:
	
•
Total	revenue	of	$20.0	billion;
	
•
Adjusted	EBITDA	of	$1.5	billion;	and
	
•
Adjusted	EBITDA	of	$3.0	billion.
Stock-based	compensation	expense	associated	with	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	is	recognized	over	the	longer	of	the	expected
achievement	period	for	each	pair	of	market	capitalization	or	operational	milestones,	beginning	at	the	point	in	time	when	the	relevant	operational
milestone	is	considered	probable	of	being	met.	If	additional	operational	milestones	become	probable,	stock-based	compensation	expense	will	be
recorded	in	the	period	it	becomes	probable	including	cumulative	catch-up	expense	for	the	service	provided	since	the	grant	date.	The	market
capitalization	milestone	period	and	the	valuation	of	each	tranche	are	determined	using	a	Monte	Carlo	simulation	and	is	used	as	the	basis	for
determining	the	expected	achievement	period.	The	probability	of	meeting	an	operational	milestone	is	based	on	a	subjective	assessment	of	our	future
financial	projections.	Even	though	no	tranches	of	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	vest	unless	a	market	capitalization	and	a	matching	operational
milestone	are	both	achieved,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	only	when	an	operational	milestone	is	considered	probable	of
achievement	regardless	of	how	much	additional	market	capitalization	must	be	achieved	in	order	for	a	tranche	to	vest.	At	our	current	market
capitalization,	even	the	first	tranche	of	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	will	not	vest	unless	our	market	capitalization	were	to	approximately	double
from	the	current	level	and	stay	at	that	increased	level	for	a	sustained	period	of	time.	Additionally,	stock-based	compensation	represents	a	non-cash
expense	and	is	recorded	as	a	selling,	general,	and	administrative	operating	expense	in	our	consolidated	statement	of	operations.
As	of	December	31,	2018,	we	had	$598.0	million	of	total	unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	for	the	operational	milestones	that
were	considered	probable	of	achievement,	which	will	be	recognized	over	a	weighted-average	period	of	3.1	years.	As	of	December	31,	2018,	we	had
unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$1.51	billion	for	the	operational	milestones	that	were	considered	not	probable	of	achievement.
From	March	21,	2018,	when	the	grant	was	approved	by	our	stockholders,	through	December	31,	2018,	we	recorded	stock-based	compensation	expense
of	$174.9	million	related	to	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award.
123	
2014	Performance-Based	Stock	Option	Awards
In	2014,	to	create	incentives	for	continued	long-term	success	beyond	the	Model	S	program	and	to	closely	align	executive	pay	with	our
stockholders’	interests	in	the	achievement	of	significant	milestones	by	us,	the	Compensation	Committee	of	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	stock	option
awards	to	certain	employees	(excluding	our	CEO)	to	purchase	an	aggregate	of	1,073,000	shares	of	our	common	stock.	Each	award	consisted	of	the
following	four	vesting	tranches	with	the	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	the	future	performance	milestones,	assuming	continued
employment	and	service	through	each	vesting	date:
	
•
1/4th	of	each	award	vests	upon	completion	of	the	first	Model	X	production	vehicle;
	
•
1/4th	of	each	award	vests	upon	achieving	aggregate	production	of	100,000	vehicles	in	a	trailing	12-month	period;
	
•
1/4th	of	each	award	vests	upon	completion	of	the	first	Model	3	production	vehicle;	and
	
•
1/4th	of	each	award	vests	upon	achieving	an	annualized	gross	margin	of	greater	than	30%	for	any	three-year	period.
As	of	December	31,	2018,	the	following	performance	milestones	had	been	achieved:
	
•
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	production	vehicle;
	
•
Completion	of	the	first	Model	3	production	vehicle;	and
	
•
Aggregate	production	of	100,000	vehicles	in	a	trailing	12-month	period.
We	begin	recognizing	stock-based	compensation	expense	as	each	performance	milestone	becomes	probable	of	achievement.	As	of	December	31,
2018,	we	had	unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$10.9	million	for	the	performance	milestone	that	was	considered	not	probable	of
achievement.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,	we	did	not	record	any	additional	stock-based	compensation	related	to	these	awards.	For	the	years
ended	December	2017	and	2016,	we	recorded	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$6.8	million	and	$25.3	million,	respectively,	related	to	these
awards.
2012	CEO	Performance	Award
In	August	2012,	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	5,274,901	stock	option	awards	to	our	CEO	(the	“2012	CEO	Performance	Award”).	The	2012
CEO	Performance	Award	consists	of	10	vesting	tranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	conditions	and
market	conditions,	assuming	continued	employment	and	service	through	each	vesting	date.	Each	vesting	tranche	requires	a	combination	of	a	pre-
determined	performance	milestone	and	an	incremental	increase	in	our	market	capitalization	of	$4.00	billion,	as	compared	to	our	initial	market
capitalization	of	$3.20	billion	at	the	time	of	grant.	As	of	
December	31,	2018
,	the	market	capitalization	conditions	for	all	of	the	vesting	tranches	and	the
following	performance	milestones	had	been	achieved:
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	alpha	prototype;
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	beta	prototype;
	
•
Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	production	vehicle;
	
•
Aggregate	production	of	100,000	vehicles;
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	alpha	prototype;
	
•
Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	beta	prototype;
	
•
Completion	of	the	first	Model	3	production	vehicle;
	
•
Aggregate	production	of	200,000	vehicles;	and
	
•
Aggregate	production	of	300,000	vehicles.
124	
We	begin	recognizing	stock-based	compensation	expense	as	each	milestone	becomes	probable	of	achievement.	As	of	December	31,	2018,	we
had	unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$5.7	million	for	the	performance	milestone	that	was	considered	not	probable	of
achievement.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017	and	2016,	we	recorded	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$0.1	million,	$5.1	million	and
$15.8	million,	respectively,	related	to	the	2012	CEO	Grant.
Our
	CEO	
earns	a	base	salary	that	reflects	the	currently	applicable	minimum	wage	requirements	under	California	law,	and	he	is	subject	to
income	taxes	based	on	such	base	salary.	However,	he	has	never	accepted	and	currently	does	not	accept
	his
	salary.
Summary	Stock-Based	Compensation	Information
The	following	table	summarizes	our	stock-based	compensation	expense	by	line	item	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Cost	of	revenues
	
$
85,742
	
	
$
43,845
	
	
$
30,400
	
Research	and	development
	
	
261,079
	
	
	
217,616
	
	
	
154,632
	
Selling,	general	and	administrative
	
	
398,326
	
	
	
205,299
	
	
	
149,193
	
Restructuring	and	other
	
	
3,877
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Total
	
$
749,024
	
	
$
466,760
	
	
$
334,225
	
We	realized	no	income	tax	benefit	from	stock	option	exercises	in	each	of	the	periods	presented	due	to	cumulative	losses	and	valuation
allowances.	
As	of	December	31,	2018,	we	had	$1.57	billion	of	total	unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	non-performance
awards,	which	will	be	recognized	over	a	weighted-average	period	of	3.0	years.
ESPP
Our	employees	are	eligible	to	purchase	our	common	stock	through	payroll	deductions	of	up	to	15%	of	their	eligible	compensation,	subject	to	any
plan	limitations.	The	purchase	price	would	be	85%	of	the	lower	of	the	fair	market	value	on	the	first	and	last	trading	days	of	each	six-month	offering
period.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017	and	2016,	we	issued	399,936,	370,173	and	321,788	shares	under	the	ESPP	for	$108.8	million,
$71.0	million	and	$51.7	million,	respectively.	There	were	2,023,954	shares	available	for	issuance	under	the	ESPP	as	of	December	31,	2018.
	
	
Note	16	–	Income	Taxes
A	provision	for	income	taxes	of	$57.8	million,	$31.5	million	and	$26.7	million	has	been	recognized	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017
and	2016,	respectively,	related	primarily	to	our	subsidiaries	located	outside	of	the	U.S.	Our	loss	before	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended
December	31,	2018,	2017	and	2016	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Domestic
	
$
412,133
	
	
$
993,113
	
	
$
130,718
	
Noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable
			noncontrolling	interest
	
	
86,491
	
	
	
279,178
	
	
	
98,132
	
Foreign
	
	
506,121
	
	
	
936,741
	
	
	
517,498
	
Loss	before	income	taxes
	
$
1,004,745
	
	
$
2,209,032
	
	
$
746,348
	
125	
The	components	of	the	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017	and	2016	consisted	of	the	following	(in
thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Current:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Federal
	
$
(901
)
	
$
(9,552
)
	
$
—
	
State
	
	
2,792
	
	
	
2,029
	
	
	
568
	
Foreign
	
	
23,622
	
	
	
42,715
	
	
	
53,962
	
Total	current
	
	
25,513
	
	
	
35,192
	
	
	
54,530
	
Deferred:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Federal
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
State
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
	
	
—
	
Foreign
	
	
32,324
	
	
	
(3,646
)
	
	
(27,832
)
Total	deferred
	
	
32,324
	
	
	
(3,646
)
	
	
(27,832
)
Total	provision	for	income	taxes
	
$
57,837
	
	
$
31,546
	
	
$
26,698
	
On	December	22,	2017,	the	2017	Tax	Cuts	and	Jobs	Act	(“Tax	Act”)	was	enacted	into	law	making	significant	changes	to	the	Internal	Revenue
Code.	Changes	include,	but	are	not	limited	to,	a	federal	corporate	tax	rate	decrease	from	35%	to	21%	for	tax	years	beginning	after	December	31,	2017,
the	transition	of	U.S.	international	taxation	from	a	worldwide	tax	system	to	a	territorial	system	and	a	one-time	transition	tax	on	the	mandatory	deemed
repatriation	of	foreign	earnings.	We	were	required	to	recognize	the	effect	of	the	tax	law	changes	in	the	period	of	enactment,	such	as	re-measuring	our
U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	as	well	as	reassessing	the	net	realizability	of	our	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities.	The	Tax	Act	did	not	give	rise
to	any	material	impact	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	consolidated	statements	of	operations	due	to	our	historical	worldwide	loss	position	and
the	full	valuation	allowance	on	our	net	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets.
In	December	2017,	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	staff	issued	Staff	Accounting	Bulletin	No.	118,	Income	Tax	Accounting
Implications	of	the	Tax	Cuts	and	Jobs	Act	(“SAB	118”),	which	allowed	us	to	record	provisional	amounts	during	a	measurement	period	not	to	extend
beyond	one	year	from	the	enactment	date.	As	such,	in	accordance	with	SAB	118,	we	completed	our	analysis	during	the	fourth	quarter	of	2018
considering	current	legislation	and	guidance	resulting	in	no	material	adjustments	from	the	provisional	amounts	recorded	during	the	prior	year.
126	
Deferred	tax	assets	(liabilities)	as	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017	consisted	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
Deferred	tax	assets:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Net	operating	loss	carry-forwards
	
$
1,759,716
	
	
$
1,575,952
	
Research	and	development	credits
	
	
376,556
	
	
	
306,808
	
Other	tax	credits
	
	
127,813
	
	
	
117,997
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
155,757
	
	
	
200,531
	
Inventory	and	warranty	reserves
	
	
165,262
	
	
	
74,578
	
Stock-based	compensation
	
	
102,256
	
	
	
96,916
	
Investment	in	certain	financing	funds
	
	
—
	
	
	
24,471
	
Accruals	and	others
	
	
28,295
	
	
	
26,416
	
Total	deferred	tax	assets
	
	
2,715,655
	
	
	
2,423,669
	
Valuation	allowance
	
	
(1,805,648
)
	
	
(1,843,713
)
Deferred	tax	assets,	net	of	valuation	allowance
	
	
910,007
	
	
	
579,956
	
Deferred	tax	liabilities:
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Depreciation	and	amortization
	
	
(860,611
)
	
	
(537,613
)
Other
	
	
(23,850
)
	
	
(18,734
)
Investment	in	certain	financing	funds
	
	
(33,493
)
	
	
—
	
Total	deferred	tax	liabilities
	
	
(917,954
)
	
	
(556,347
)
Deferred	tax	liabilities,	net	of	valuation	allowance
			and	deferred	tax	assets
	
$
(7,947
)
	
$
23,609
	
	
As	of	December	31,	2018,	we	recorded	a	valuation	allowance	of	$1.81	billion	for	the	portion	of	the	deferred	tax	asset	that	we	do	not	expect	to	be
realized.	The	valuation	allowance	on	our	net	deferred	taxes	decreased	by	$38.1	million,	increased	by	$821.0	million,	and	increased	by	$354.3	million
during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017	and	2016,	respectively.	The	changes	in	valuation	allowance	are	primarily	due	to	additional	U.S.
deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	incurred	in	the	respective	year.	The	2017	additional	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	are	net	of	re-measurement	from	35%	to
21%	as	a	result	of	the	Tax	Act.	There	have	been	no	material	releases	of	the	valuation	allowance.	Management	believes	that	based	on	the	available
information,	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	the	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	will	not	be	realized,	such	that	a	full	valuation	allowance	is	required	against	all
U.S.	deferred	tax	assets.	We	have	net	$30.2	million	of	deferred	tax	assets	in	foreign	jurisdictions,	which	management	believes	are	more-likely-than-not
to	be	fully	realized	given	the	expectation	of	future	earnings	in	these	jurisdictions.
	
127	
The	reconciliation	of	taxes	at	the	federal	statutory	rate	to	our	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018,	2017	and
2016	was	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
	
2017
	
	
	
2016
	
Tax	at	statutory	federal	rate
	
$
(210,996
)
	
	
$
(773,162
)
	
	
$
(261,222
)
State	tax,	net	of	federal	benefit
	
	
2,792
	
	
	
	
2,029
	
	
	
	
568
	
Nondeductible	expenses
	
	
65,375
	
	
	
	
30,138
	
	
	
	
26,547
	
Excess	tax	benefits	related	to	stock	based
			compensation	(1)
	
	
(43,977
)
	
	
	
(1,013,196
)
	
	
	
—
	
Foreign	income	rate	differential
	
	
160,370
	
	
	
	
364,699
	
	
	
	
206,470
	
U.S.	tax	credits
	
	
(79,565
)
	
	
	
(109,501
)
	
	
	
(162,865
)
Noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable
			noncontrolling	interests	adjustment
	
	
31,858
	
	
	
	
65,920
	
	
	
	
21,964
	
Effect	of	U.S.	tax	law	change	(2)
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
722,646
	
	
	
	
—
	
Bargain	in	purchase	gain
	
	
—
	
	
	
	
20,211
	
	
	
	
(31,055
)
Other	reconciling	items
	
	
960
	
	
	
	
3,178
	
	
	
	
785
	
Change	in	valuation	allowance
	
	
131,020
	
	
	
	
718,584
	
	
	
	
225,506
	
Provision	for	income	taxes
	
$
57,837
	
	
	
$
31,546
	
	
	
$
26,698
(1)
As	of
	January	1,	2017,	upon	the	adoption	of	ASU	No.	2016-09,	Improvements	to	Employee	Share-based	Payment	Accounting,	excess	tax	benefits
from	share-based	award	activity	incurred	from	the	prior	and	current	years	are	reflected	as	a	reduction	of	the	provision	for	income	taxes.	The
excess	tax	benefits	result	in	an	increase	to	our	gross	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	that	is	offset	by	a	corresponding	increase	to	our	valuation
allowance.
(2)
Due	to	the	Tax	Act,	our	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	as	of	December	31,	2017	were	re-measured	from	35%	to	21%.	The	change	in	tax
rate	resulted	in	a	decrease	to	our	gross	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	which	is	offset	by	a	corresponding	decrease	to	our	valuation	allowance.
As	of	December	31,	2018,	we	had	$7.30	billion	of	federal	and	$5.37	billion	of	state	net	operating	loss	carry-forwards	available	to	offset	future
taxable	income,	which	will	not	begin	to	significantly	expire	until	2024	for	federal	and	2028	for	state	purposes.	A	portion	of	these	losses	were	generated
by	SolarCity	prior	to	our	acquisition	in	2016	and,	therefore,	are	subject	to	change	of	control	provisions,	which	limit	the	amount	of	acquired	tax
attributes	that	can	be	utilized	in	a	given	tax	year.	We	do	not	expect	these	change	of	control	limitations	to	significantly	impact	our	ability	to	utilize	these
attributes.
As	of	December	31,	2018,	we	had	research	and	development	tax	credits	of	$256.1	million	and	$276.2	million	for	federal	and	state	income	tax
purposes,	respectively.	If	not	utilized,	the	federal	research	and	development	tax	credits	will	expire	in	various	amounts	beginning	in	2024.	However,	the
state	research	and	development	tax	credits	can	be	carried	forward	indefinitely.	In	addition,	we	have	other	general	business	tax	credits	of	$126.8	million
for	federal	income	tax	purposes,	which	will	not	begin	to	significantly	expire	until	2033.
Collectively,	we	had	no	foreign	earnings	as	of	December	31,	2018	and	therefore	was	not	subject	to	the	mandatory	repatriation	tax	provisions	of
the	Tax	Act.	However,	some	of	our	foreign	subsidiaries	do	have	accumulated	earnings.	No	deferred	tax	liabilities	for	foreign	withholding	taxes	have
been	recorded	relating	to	the	earnings	of	our	foreign	subsidiaries	since	all	such	earnings	are	intended	to	be	indefinitely	reinvested.	The	amount	of	the
unrecognized	deferred	tax	liability	associated	with	these	earnings	is	immaterial.
Federal	and	state	laws	can	impose	substantial	restrictions	on	the	utilization	of	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	in	the	event	of	an
“ownership	change”,	as	defined	in	Section	382	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code.	We	have	determined	that	no	significant	limitation	would	be	placed	on	the
utilization	of	our	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	due	to	prior	ownership	changes.
128	
Uncertain	Tax	Positions
The	changes	to	our	gross	unrecognized	tax	benefits	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
	
	
	
December	31,	2015
	
$
99,127
	
Increases	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions
	
	
28,677
	
Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax
			positions
	
	
62,805
	
Assumed	uncertain	tax	positions	through	acquisition
	
	
13,327
	
December	31,	2016
	
	
203,936
	
Decrease	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions
	
	
(31,493
)
Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax
			positions
	
	
84,352
	
Change	in	balances	related	to	effect	of	U.S.	tax	law
			change
	
	
(58,050
)
December	31,	2017
	
	
198,745
	
Decrease	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions
	
	
(6,347
)
Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax
			positions
	
	
60,960
	
December	31,	2018
	
$
253,357
	
As	of	December	31,	2018,	accrued	interest	and	penalties	related	to	unrecognized	tax	benefits	are	classified	as	income	tax	expense	and	were
immaterial.	Unrecognized	tax	benefits	of	$243.8	million,	if	recognized,	would	not	affect	our	effective	tax	rate	since	the	tax	benefits	would	increase	a
deferred	tax	asset	that	is	currently	fully	offset	by	a	full	valuation	allowance.
We	file	income	tax	returns	in	the	U.S.,	California	and	various	state	and	foreign	jurisdictions.	We	are	currently	under	examination	by	the	IRS	for
the	years	2015	and	2016.	Additional	tax	years	within	the	period	2004	to	2017	remain	subject	to	examination	for	federal	income	tax	purposes,	and	tax
years	2004	to	2017	remain	subject	to	examination	for	California	income	tax	purposes.	All	net	operating	losses	and	tax	credits	generated	to	date	are
subject	to	adjustment	for	U.S.	federal	and	California	income	tax	purposes.	Tax	years	2008	to	2017	remain	subject	to	examination	in	other	U.S.	state	and
foreign	jurisdictions.
The	potential	outcome	of	the	current	examination	could	result	in	a	change	to	unrecognized	tax	benefits	within	the	next	twelve	months.
However,	we	cannot	reasonably	estimate	possible	adjustments	at	this	time.		
The	U.S.	Tax	Court	issued	a	decision	in	
Altera	Corp	v.	Commissioner
	related	to	the	treatment	of	stock-based	compensation	expense	in	a	cost-
sharing	arrangement.	As	this	decision	can	be	overturned	upon	appeal,	we	have	not	recorded	any	impact	as	of	December	31,	2018.	In	addition,	any
potential	tax	benefits	would	increase	our	U.S.	deferred	tax	asset,	which	is	currently	offset	with	a	full	valuation	allowance.
	
	
Note	17	–	Commitments	and	Contingencies
Non-Cancellable	Leases
We	have	entered	into	various	non-cancellable	operating	lease	agreements	for	certain	of	our	offices,	manufacturing	and	warehouse	facilities,
retail	and	service	locations,	equipment,	vehicles,	solar	energy	systems	and	Supercharger	sites,	throughout	the	world.	Included	within	the	lease
commitment	table	below	are	payments	due	under	operating	leases	that	have	been	accounted	for	as	build-to-suit	lease	arrangements,	which	are	included
in	property,	plant	and	equipment	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	Rent	expense	for	the	years	ended	
December	31,	2018
,	2017,	and	2016	was
$182.6
	
million,	$177.7
	
million	and	$116.8
	
million,	respectively.
We	have	entered	into	various	agreements	to	lease	equipment	under	capital	leases	up	to	60	months.	The	equipment	under	the	leases	are
collateral	for	the	lease	obligations	and	are	included	within	property,	plant	and	equipment	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.
129	
Future	minimum	commitments	for	leases	as	of	
December	31,	2018
	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Operating
	
	
Capital
	
	
	
Leases
	
	
Leases
	
2019
	
$
275,654
	
	
$
416,952
	
2020
	
	
256,931
	
	
	
503,545
	
2021
	
	
230,406
	
	
	
506,197
	
2022
	
	
182,911
	
	
	
23,828
	
2023
	
	
157,662
	
	
	
4,776
	
Thereafter
	
	
524,590
	
	
	
5,938
	
Total	minimum	lease	payments
	
$
1,628,154
	
	
	
1,461,236
	
Less:	Amounts	representing	interest	not	yet	incurred
	
	
	
	
	
	
122,340
	
Present	value	of	capital	lease	obligations
	
	
	
	
	
	
1,338,896
	
Less:	Current	portion
	
	
	
	
	
	
345,714
	
Long-term	portion	of	capital	lease	obligations
	
	
	
	
	
$
993,182
	
Build-to-Suit	Lease	Arrangement	in	Buffalo,	New	York
We	have	a	build-to-suit	lease	arrangement	with	the	Research	Foundation	for	the	State	University	of	New	York	(the	“SUNY	Foundation”)	where
the	SUNY	Foundation	will	construct	a	solar	cell	and	panel	manufacturing	facility,	referred	to	as	Gigafactory	2,	with	our	participation	in	the	design	and
construction,	install	certain	utilities	and	other	improvements	and	acquire	certain	manufacturing	equipment	designated	by	us	to	be	used	in	the
manufacturing	facility.	
The	SUNY	Foundation	covers	(i)	construction	costs	related	to	the	manufacturing	facility	up	to	$350.0	million,	(ii)	the	acquisition
and	commissioning	of	the	manufacturing	equipment	in	an	amount	up	to	$274.7	million	and	(iii)	$125.3	million	for	additional	specified	scope	costs,	in
cases	(i)	and	(ii)	only,	subject	to	the	maximum	funding	allocation	from	the	State	of	New	York;	and	we	are	responsible	for	any	construction	or	equipment
costs	in	excess	of	such	amounts.	The	SUNY	Foundation	will	own	the	manufacturing	facility	and	the	manufacturing	equipment	purchased	by	the	SUNY
Foundation.	Following	completion	of	the	manufacturing	facility,	we	will	lease	the	manufacturing	facility	and	the	manufacturing	equipment	owned	by	the
SUNY	Foundation	for	an	initial	period	of	10	years,	with	an	option	to	renew,	for	$2.00	per	year	plus	utilities.
	During	the	three	months	ended	
March	31,
2018
,	we	began	production	at	the	manufacturing	facility,	although	construction	has	not	been	fully	completed	as	of	December	31,	2018.
Under	the	terms	of	the	build-to-suit	lease	arrangement,	we	are	required	to	achieve	specific	operational	milestones	during	the	initial	lease	term;
which	include	employing	a	certain	number	of	employees	at	the	manufacturing	facility,	within	western	New	York	and	within	the	State	of	New	York	within
specified	periods	following	the	completion	of	the	manufacturing	facility.	We	are	also	required	to	spend	or	incur	$5.00	billion	in	combined	capital,
operational	expenses	and	other	costs	in	the	State	of	New	York	within	10	years	following	the	achievement	of	full	production.	On	an	annual	basis	during
the	initial	lease	term,	as	measured	on	each	anniversary	of	the	commissioning	of	the	manufacturing	facility,	if	we	fail	to	meet	these	specified	investment
and	job	creation	requirements,	then	we	would	be	obligated	to	pay	a	$41.2	million	“program	payment”	to	the	
SUNY	
Foundation	for	each	year	that	we	fail
to	meet	these	requirements.	Furthermore,	if	the	arrangement	is	terminated	due	to	a	material	breach	by	us,	then	additional	amounts	might	become
payable	by	us.
The	non-cash	investing	and	financing	activities	related	to	the	arrangement	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018	and	2017	amounted	to
$8.0	million	and	$86.1	million.	The	non-cash	investing	and	financing	activities	related	to	the	arrangement	from	the	Acquisition	Date	through
December	31,	2016	amounted	to	$5.6	million.
Environmental	Liabilities
In	connection	with	our	factory	located	in	Fremont,	California,	we	are	obligated	to	pay	for	the	remediation	of	certain	environmental	conditions
existing	at	the	time	we	purchased	the	property	from	New	United	Motor	Manufacturing,	Inc.	(“NUMMI”).	In	particular,	we	are	responsible	for	the	first
$15.0	million	of	remediation	costs,	any	remediation	costs	in	excess	of	$30.0	million	and	any	remediation	costs	incurred	after	10	years	from	the	purchase
date.	NUMMI	is	responsible	for	any	remediation	costs	between	$15.0	million	and	$30.0	million	for	up	to	10	years	after	the	purchase	date.
130	
Legal	Proceedings
Securities	Litigation	Relating	to	SolarCity’s	Financial	Statements	and	Guidance
On	March
	
28,	2014,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	was	filed	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against
SolarCity	and	two	of	its	officers.	The	complaint	alleges	violations	of	federal	securities	laws	and	seeks	unspecified	compensatory	damages	and	other
relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	SolarCity’s	securities	from	March
	
6,	2013	to	March
	
18,	2014.	After	a	series	of	amendments	to	the
original	complaint,	the	District	Court	dismissed	the	amended	complaint	and	entered	a	judgment	in	our	favor	on	August
	
9,	2016.	The	plaintiffs	filed	a
notice	of	appeal,	and	on	December
	
4,	2017,	the	Court	heard	oral	argument	on	the	appeal.	On	March
	
8,	2018,	the	Court	upheld	the	District	Court	ruling
of	dismissal	and	judgment	in	our	favor.	The	case	is	concluded.
Securities	Litigation	Relating	to	the	SolarCity	Acquisition
Between	September	1,	2016	and	October	5,	2016,	seven	
lawsuits	were	filed	in	the	Court	of	Chancery	of	the	State	of	Delaware	by	purported
stockholders	of	Tesla	challenging	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity.	Following	consolidation,	the	lawsuit	names	as	defendants	the	members	of	Tesla’s	board	of
directors	as	then	constituted	and	alleges,	among	other	things,	that	board	members	breached	their	fiduciary	duties	in	connection	with	the	acquisition.	The
complaint	asserts	both	derivative	claims	and	direct	claims	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	and	seeks,	among	other	relief,	unspecified	monetary	damages,
attorneys’	fees,	and	costs.	On	January
	
27,	2017,	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	operative	complaint.	Rather	than	respond	to	the	defendants’
motion,	the	plaintiffs	filed	an	amended	complaint.	On	March
	
17,	2017,	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	amended	complaint.	On	December
	
13,
2017,	the	Court	heard	oral	argument	on	the	motion.	On	March
	
28,	2018,	the	Court	denied	defendants’	motion	to	dismiss.	Defendants	filed	a	request	for
interlocutory	appeal,	but	the	Delaware	Supreme	Court	denied	that	request,	electing	not	to	hear	an	appeal	at	this	early	stage	of	the	case.	Defendants	filed
their	answer	on	May	18,	2018.
	The	parties	are	proceeding	with	discovery.	The	case	is	set	for	trial	in	March	2020.
These	plaintiffs	and	others	filed	parallel	actions	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	District	of	Delaware	on	April
	
21,	2017.	Those	actions	have	been
consolidated	and	are	stayed	pending	the	Chancery	Court	litigation.	They	include	claims	for	violations	of	the	federal	securities	laws	and	breach	of	fiduciary
duties	by	Tesla’s	board	of	directors.	That	action	is	stayed	pending	the	Chancery	Court	litigation.
We	believe	that	claims	challenging	the	SolarCity	acquisition	are	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	them	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to
estimate	the	possible	loss	or	range	of	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	these	claims.
Securities	Litigation	Relating	to	Production	of	Model	3	Vehicles
On	October
	
10,	2017,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	was	filed	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against
Tesla,	two	of	its	current	officers,	and	a	former	officer.	The	complaint	alleges	violations	of	federal	securities	laws	and	seeks	unspecified	compensatory
damages	and	other	relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	Tesla	securities	from	May
	
4,	2016	to	October
	
6,	2017.	The	lawsuit	claims	that
Tesla	supposedly	made	materially	false	and	misleading	statements	regarding	the	Company’s	preparedness	to	produce	Model	3	vehicles.	Plaintiffs	filed
an	amended	complaint	on	March
	
23,	2018,	and	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	on	May
	
25,	2018.	The	court	granted	defendant’s	motion	to	dismiss
with	leave	to	amend.		Plaintiffs	filed	their	amended	complaint	on	September	28,	2018.	We	will	file	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	amended	complaint	on
February	15,	2019.		The	hearing	on	the	motion	to	dismiss	is	set	for	March	1,	2019.		We	believe	that	the	claims	are	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend
against	this	lawsuit	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss	or	range	of	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.
131	
On	October	26,	2018,	in	a	similar	action,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	was	filed	in	the	Superior	Court	of	California	in	Santa	Clara
County	against	Tesla,	Elon	Musk	and	seven	initial	purchasers	in	an	offering	of	debt	securities	by	Tesla	in	August	2017.	The	complaint	alleges
misrepresentations	made	by	Tesla	regarding	the	number	of	Model	3	vehicles	Tesla	expected	to	produce	by	the	end	of	2017	in	connection	with	such
offering,	and	seeks	unspecified	compensatory	damages	and	other	relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	Tesla	securities	in	such	offering.
Tesla	thereafter	removed	the	case	to	federal	court.		On	January	22,	2019,	plaintiff	abandoned	its	effort	to	proceed	in	state	court,	instead	filing	an
amended	complaint	against	Tesla,	Elon	Musk	and	seven	initial	purchasers	in	the	debt	offering	before	the	same	judge	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the
Northern	District	of	California	who	is	hearing	the	above-referenced	earlier	filed	federal	court	case.		On	February	5,	2019,	the	Court	stayed	this	new
case	pending	a	ruling	on	the	motion	to	dismiss	the	complaint	in	the	above	earlier	filed	case.	We	believe	that	the	claims	are	without	merit	and	intend	to
defend	against	this	lawsuit	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss	or	range	of	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.
Litigation	Relating	to	2018	CEO	Performance	Award
On	June	4,	2018,	a	purported	Tesla	stockholder	filed	a	putative	class	and	derivative	action	in	the	Delaware	Court	of	Chancery	against	Mr.	Musk
and	the	members	of	Tesla’s	board	of	directors	as	then	constituted,	alleging	that	such	board	members	breached	their	fiduciary	duties	by	approving	the
stock-based	compensation	plan.	The	complaint	seeks,	among	other	things,	monetary	damages	and	rescission	or	reformation	of	the	stock-based
compensation	plan.	On	August	31,	2018,	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	complaint;	plaintiff	filed	its	opposition	brief	on	November	1,	2018	and
defendants	filed	a	reply	brief	on	December	13,	2018.		The	hearing	on	the	motion	to	dismiss	is	set	for	May	9,	2019.		We	believe	the	claims	asserted	in
this	lawsuit	are	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	them	vigorously.
Securities	Litigation	related	to	Potential	Going	Private	Transaction
Between	August	10,	2018	and	September	6,	2018,	nine	purported	stockholder	class	actions	were	filed	against	Tesla	and	Elon	Musk	in
connection	with	Elon	Musk’s	August	7,	2018	Twitter	post	that	he	was	considering	taking	Tesla	private.	All	of	the	suits	are	now	pending	in	the	United
States	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California.	Although	the	complaints	vary	in	certain	respects,	they	each	purport	to	assert	claims	for
violations	of	federal	securities	laws	related	to	Mr.	Musk’s	statement	and	seek	unspecified	compensatory	damages	and	other	relief	on	behalf	of	a
purported	class	of	purchasers	of	Tesla’s	securities.	Plaintiffs	filed	their	consolidated	complaint	on	January	16,	2019	and	added	as	defendants	the
members	of	Tesla’s	board	of	directors.		Defendants	plan	to	file	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	complaint	on	or	before	March	7,	2019.		The	hearing	on	the
motion	to	dismiss	is	tentatively	set	for	June	20,	2019.		We	believe	that	the	claims	have	no	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	them	vigorously.	We	are
unable	to	estimate	the	potential	loss,	or	range	of	loss,	associated	with	these	claims.
Between	October	17,	2018	and	November	9,	2018,	five	derivative	lawsuits	were	filed	in	the	Delaware	Court	of	Chancery	against	Mr.	Musk	and
the	members	of	Tesla’s	board	of	directors	as	then	constituted	in	relation	to	statements	made	and	actions	connected	to	a	potential	going	private
transaction.		These	cases	have	been	stayed	pending	resolution	of	the	stockholder	class	action.		In	addition	to	these	cases,	on	October	25,	2018,	another
derivative	lawsuit	was	filed	in	federal	court	in	Delaware	against	Mr.	Musk	and	the	members	of	the	Tesla	board	of	directors	as	then	constituted,	and	the
parties	have	agreed	to	also	stay	this	case	pending	resolution	of	the	stockholder	class	action;	the	parties’	proposed	stipulation	regarding	the	stay	is
pending	with	the	Court.		We	believe	that	the	claims	have	no	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	them	vigorously.	The	Company	is	unable	to	estimate	the
potential	loss,	or	range	of	loss,	associated	with	these	claims.
Settlement	with	SEC	related	to	Potential	Going	Private	Transaction
On	October	16,	2018,	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Southern	District	of	New	York	entered	a	final	judgment	approving	the	terms	of	a	settlement
filed	with	the	Court	on	September	29,	2018,	in	connection	with	the	actions	taken	by	the	U.S.	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	(the	“SEC”)	relating
to	Elon	Musk’s	prior	statement	that	he	was	considering	taking	Tesla	private.	Without	admitting	or	denying	any	of	the	SEC’s	allegations,	and	with	no
restriction	on	Mr.	Musk’s	ability	to	serve	as	an	officer	or	director	on	the	Board	(other	than	as	its	Chair),	among	other	things,	we	and	Mr.	Musk	paid	civil
penalties	of	$20	million	each	and	agreed	that
	
an	independent	director	will	serve	as	Chair	of	the	Board	for	at	least	three	years,	and	we	appointed	such	an
independent	Chair	of	the	Board	and	two	additional	independent	directors	to	the	Board,	and	further	enhanced	our	disclosure	controls	and	other
corporate	governance-related	matters.
	
132	
Certain	Investigations	and	Other	Matters
We	receive	requests	for	information	from	regulators	and	governmental	authorities,	such	as	the	National	Highway	Traffic	Safety	Administration,
the	National	Transportation	Safety	Board,	the	SEC,	the	Department	of	Justice	(“DOJ”)	and	various	state,	federal	and	international	agencies.	We
routinely	cooperate	with	such	regulatory	and	governmental	requests.
In	particular,	the	SEC	has	issued	subpoenas	to	Tesla	in	connection	with	(a)	Mr.	Musk’s	prior	statement	that	he	was	considering	taking	Tesla
private	and	(b)	certain	projections	that	we	made	for	Model	3	production	rates	during	2017	and	other	public	statements	relating	to	Model	3	production.
The	DOJ	has	also	asked	us	to	voluntarily	provide	it	with	information	about	each	of	these	matters	and	is	investigating.	Aside	from	the	settlement	with	the
SEC	relating	to	Mr.	Musk’s	statement	that	he	was	considering	taking	Tesla	private,	there	have	not	been	any	developments	in	these	matters	that	we
deem	to	be	material,	and	to	our	knowledge	no	government	agency	in	any	ongoing	investigation	has	concluded	that	any	wrongdoing	occurred.	As	is	our
normal	practice,	we	have	been	cooperating	and	will	continue	to	cooperate	with	government	authorities.	We	cannot	predict	the	outcome	or	impact	of	any
ongoing	matters.	Should	the	government	decide	to	pursue	an	enforcement	action,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our
business,	results	of	operation,	prospects,	cash	flows,	and	financial	position.
We	are	also	subject	to	various	other	legal	proceedings	and	claims	that	arise	from	the	normal	course	of	business	activities.	If	an	unfavorable
ruling	or	development	were	to	occur,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	results	of	operations,	prospects,	cash
flows,	financial	position	and	brand
.
Indemnification	and	Guaranteed	Returns
We	are	contractually	obligated	to	compensate	certain	fund	investors	for	any	losses	that	they	may	suffer	in	certain	limited	circumstances
resulting	from	reductions	in	U.S.	Treasury	grants	or	ITCs.	Generally,	such	obligations	would	arise	as	a	result	of	reductions	to	the	value	of	the	underlying
solar	energy	systems	as	assessed	by	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department	for	purposes	of	claiming	U.S.	Treasury	grants	or	as	assessed	by	the	IRS	for	purposes
of	claiming	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants.	For	each	balance	sheet	date,	we	assess	and	recognize,	when	applicable,	a	distribution	payable	for	the
potential	exposure	from	this	obligation	based	on	all	the	information	available	at	that	time,	including	any	guidelines	issued	by	the	U.S.	Treasury
Department	on	solar	energy	system	valuations	for	purposes	of	claiming	U.S.	Treasury	grants	and	any	audits	undertaken	by	the	IRS.	We	believe	that	any
payments	to	the	fund	investors	in	excess	of	the	amounts	already	recognized	by	us,	which	were	immaterial,	for	this	obligation	are	not	probable	based	on
the	facts	known	at	the	filing	date.
The	maximum	potential	future	payments	that	we	could	have	to	make	under	this	obligation	would	depend	on	the	difference	between	the	fair
values	of	the	solar	energy	systems	sold	or	transferred	to	the	funds	as	determined	by	us	and	the	values	that	the	U.S.	Treasury	Department	would
determine	as	fair	value	for	the	systems	for	purposes	of	claiming	U.S.	Treasury	grants	or	the	values	the	IRS	would	determine	as	the	fair	value	for	the
systems	for	purposes	of	claiming	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants.	We	claim	U.S.	Treasury	grants	based	on	guidelines	provided	by	the	U.S.	Treasury
department	and	the	statutory	regulations	from	the	IRS.	We	use	fair	values	determined	with	the	assistance	of	independent	third-party	appraisals
commissioned	by	us	as	the	basis	for	determining	the	ITCs	that	are	passed-through	to	and	claimed	by	the	fund	investors.	Since	we	cannot	determine
future	revisions	to	U.S.	Treasury	Department	guidelines	governing	solar	energy	system	values	or	how	the	IRS	will	evaluate	system	values	used	in
claiming	ITCs	or	U.S.	Treasury	grants,	we	are	unable	to	reliably	estimate	the	maximum	potential	future	payments	that	it	could	have	to	make	under	this
obligation	as	of	each	balance	sheet	date.
We	are	eligible	to	receive	certain	state	and	local	incentives	that	are	associated	with	renewable	energy	generation.	The	amount	of	incentives	that
can	be	claimed	is	based	on	the	projected	or	actual	solar	energy	system	size	and/or	the	amount	of	solar	energy	produced.	We	also	currently	participate
in	one	state’s	incentive	program	that	is	based	on	either	the	fair	market	value	or	the	tax	basis	of	solar	energy	systems	placed	in	service.	State	and	local
incentives	received	are	allocated	between	us	and	fund	investors	in	accordance	with	the	contractual	provisions	of	each	fund.	We	are	not	contractually
obligated	to	indemnify	any	fund	investor	for	any	losses	they	may	incur	due	to	a	shortfall	in	the	amount	of	state	or	local	incentives	actually	received.
Our	lease	pass-through	financing	funds	have	a	one-time	lease	payment	reset	mechanism	that	occurs	after	the	installation	of	all	solar	energy
systems	in	a	fund.	As	a	result	of	this	mechanism,	we	may	be	required	to	refund	master	lease	prepayments	previously	received	from	investors.	Any
refunds	of	master	lease	prepayments	would	reduce	the	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation.
133	
Letters	of	Credit
As	of	
December	31,	2018
,	we	had	$219.6
	
million	of	unused	letters	of	credit	outstanding.
	
	
Note	18	–	Variable	Interest	Entity	Arrangements
We	have	entered	into	various	arrangements	with	investors	to	facilitate	the	funding	and	monetization	of	our	
solar	energy	systems	and	vehicles.
In	particular,	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries	and	fund	investors	have	formed	and	contributed	cash	and	assets	into	various	financing	funds	and	entered
into	related	agreements.
	We	have	determined	that	the	funds	are	variable	interest	entities	(“VIEs”)	and	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary	of	these	VIEs	by
reference	to	the	power	and	benefits	criterion	under	ASC	810,	
Consolidation
.	We	have	considered	the	provisions	within	the	agreements,	which	grant	us
the	power	to	manage	and	make	decisions	that	affect	the	operation	of	these	VIEs,	including	determining	the	solar	energy	systems	or	vehicles	and	the
associated	customer	contracts	to	be	sold	or	contributed	to	these	VIEs,	redeploying	solar	energy	systems	or	vehicles	and	managing	customer
receivables.	We	consider	that	the	rights	granted	to	the	fund	investors	under	the	agreements	are	more	protective	in	nature	rather	than	participating.
As	the	primary	beneficiary	of	these	VIEs,	we	consolidate	in	the	financial	statements	the	financial	position,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows
of	these	VIEs,	and	all	intercompany	balances	and	transactions	between	us	and	these	VIEs	are	eliminated	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	Cash
distributions	of	income	and	other	receipts	by	a	fund,	net	of	agreed	upon	expenses,	estimated	expenses,	tax	benefits	and	detriments	of	income	and	loss
and	tax	credits,	are	allocated	to	the	fund	investor	and	our	subsidiary	as	specified	in	the	agreements.
Generally,	our	subsidiary	has	the	option	to	acquire	the	fund	investor’s	interest	in	the	fund	for	an	amount	based	on	the	market	value	of	the	fund
or	the	formula	specified	in	the	agreements.
Upon	the	sale	or	liquidation	of	a	fund,	distributions	would	occur	in	the	order	and	priority	specified	in	the	agreements.
Pursuant	to	management	services,	maintenance	and	warranty	arrangements,	we	have	been	contracted	to	provide	services	to	the	funds,	such	as
operations	and	maintenance	support,	accounting,	lease	servicing	and	performance	reporting.	In	some	instances,	we	have	guaranteed	payments	to	the
fund	investors	as	specified	in	the	agreements.	A	fund’s	creditors	have	no	recourse	to	our	general	credit	or	to	that	of	other	funds.	None	of	the	assets	of
the	funds	had	been	pledged	as	collateral	for	their	obligations.
134	
The	aggregate	carrying	values	of	the	VIEs’	assets	and	liabilities,	after	elimination	of	any	intercompany	transactions	and	balances,	in	the
consolidated	balance	sheets	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
Assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	assets
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Cash	and	cash	equivalents
	
$
75,203
	
	
$
55,425
	
Restricted	cash
	
	
130,927
	
	
	
33,656
	
Accounts	receivable,	net
	
	
18,702
	
	
	
18,204
	
Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets
	
	
10,262
	
	
	
9,018
	
Total	current	assets
	
	
235,094
	
	
	
116,303
	
Operating	lease	vehicles,	net
	
	
155,439
	
	
	
337,089
	
Solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net
	
	
5,116,728
	
	
	
5,075,321
	
Restricted	cash,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
65,262
	
	
	
36,999
	
Other	assets
	
	
55,554
	
	
	
29,555
	
Total	assets
	
$
5,628,077
	
	
$
5,595,267
	
Liabilities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Current	liabilities
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Accounts	payable
	
$
32
	
	
$
32
	
Accrued	liabilities	and	other
	
	
132,774
	
	
	
51,652
	
Deferred	revenue
	
	
21,345
	
	
	
59,412
	
Customer	deposits
	
	
—
	
	
	
726
	
Current	portion	of	long-term	debt	and	capital	leases
	
	
662,988
	
	
	
196,531
	
Total	current	liabilities
	
	
817,139
	
	
	
308,353
	
Deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
177,451
	
	
	
323,919
	
Long-term	debt	and	capital	leases,	net	of	current	portion
	
	
1,237,707
	
	
	
625,934
	
Other	long-term	liabilities
	
	
26,400
	
	
	
30,536
	
Total	liabilities
	
$
2,258,697
	
	
$
1,288,742
	
	
Note	19	–	Lease	Pass-Through	Financing	Obligation
Through	December	31,	2018,	we	had	entered	into	eight	transactions	referred	to	as	“lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements”.	Under	these
arrangements,	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries	finance	the	cost	of	solar	energy	systems	with	investors	through	arrangements	contractually	structured	as
master	leases	for	an	initial	term	ranging	between	10	and	25	years.	These	solar	energy	systems	are	subject	to	lease	or	PPAs	with	customers	with	an
initial	term	not	exceeding	25	years.	These	solar	energy	systems	are	included	within	solar	energy	systems,	leased	and	to	be	leased,	net	on	the
consolidated	balance	sheet.
The	cost	of	the	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements	as	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017	was	$1.05	billion	and
$1.09	billion,	respectively.	The	accumulated	depreciation	on	these	assets	as	of	December	31,	2018	and	2017	was	$66.1	million	and	$30.9	million,
respectively.	The	total	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	as	of	December	31,	2018	was	$111.9	million,	of	which	$61.8	million	was	classified	as	a
current	liability.	The	total	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	as	of	December	31,	2017	was	$134.8	million,	of	which	$67.3	million	was	classified	as
a	current	liability.	Lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	is	included	in	accrued	liabilities	and	other	for	the	current	portion	and	other	long-term
liabilities	for	the	long-term	portion	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.
Under	a	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangement,	the	investor	makes	a	large	upfront	payment	to	the	lessor,	which	is	one	of	our	subsidiaries,	and	in
some	cases,	subsequent	periodic	payments.	We	allocate	a	portion	of	the	aggregate	investor	payments	to	the	fair	value	of	the	assigned	ITCs,	which	is
estimated	by	discounting	the	projected	cash	flow	impact	of	the	ITCs	using	a	market	interest	rate	and	is	accounted	for	separately	(see	Note	2,	
Summary
of	Significant	Accounting	Policies
).	We	account	for	the	remainder	of	the	investor	payments	as	a	borrowing	by	recording	the	proceeds	received	as	a	lease
pass-through	financing	obligation,	which	is	repaid	from	the	future	customer	lease	payments	and	any	incentive	rebates.	A	portion	of	the	amounts
received	by	the	investor	is	allocated	to	interest	expense	using	the	effective	interest	rate	method.
135	
The	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	is	non-recourse	once	the	associated	solar	energy	systems	have	been	placed	in-service	and	the
associated	customer	arrangements	have	been	assigned	to	the	investors.	However,	we	are	required	to	comply	with	certain	financial	covenants	specified
in	the	contractual	agreements,	which	we	had	met	as	of	December	31,	2018.	In	addition,	we	are	responsible	for	any	warranties,	performance	guarantees,
accounting	and	performance	reporting.	Furthermore,	we	continue	to	account	for	the	customer	arrangements	and	any	incentive	rebates	in	the
consolidated	financial	statements,	regardless	of	whether	the	cash	is	received	by	us	or	directly	by	the	investors.
As	of	December	31,	2018,	the	future	minimum	master	lease	payments	to	be	received	from	investors,	for	each	of	the	next	five	years	and
thereafter,	were	as	follows	(in	thousands):
	
2019
	
$
42,775
	
2020
	
	
42,100
	
2021
	
	
41,147
	
2022
	
	
33,055
	
2023
	
	
26,152
	
Thereafter
	
	
468,490
	
Total
	
$
653,719
For	two	of	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	our	subsidiaries	have	pledged	its	assets	to	the	investors	as	security	for	its	obligations
under	the	contractual	agreements.
Each	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangement	has	a	one-time	master	lease	prepayment	adjustment	mechanism	that	occurs	when	the	capacity	and
the	placed-in-service	dates	of	the	associated	solar	energy	systems	are	finalized	or	on	an	agreed-upon	date.	As	part	of	this	mechanism,	the	master	lease
prepayment	amount	is	updated,	and	we	may	be	obligated	to	refund	a	portion	of	a	master	lease	prepayment	or	entitled	to	receive	an	additional	master
lease	prepayment.	Any	additional	master	lease	prepayments	are	recorded	as	an	additional	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	while	any	master
lease	prepayment	refunds	would	reduce	the	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation.
	
	
Note	20	–	Defined	Contribution	Plan
We	have	a	401(k)	savings	plan	that	qualifies	as	a	deferred	salary	arrangement	under	Section	401(k)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code.	Under	the
401(k)	savings	plan,	participating	employees	may	elect	to	contribute	up	to	100%	of	their	eligible	compensation,	subject	to	certain	limitations.
Participants	are	fully	vested	in	their	contributions.	We	did	not	make	any	contributions	to	the	401(k)	savings	plan	during	the	years	ended	December	31,
2018,	2017	and	2016.
	
	
Note	21	–	Related	Party	Transactions
Related	party	balances	were	comprised	of	the	following	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
Solar	Bonds	issued	to	related	parties
	
$
100
	
	
$
100
	
Convertible	senior	notes	due	to	related	parties
	
$
2,674
	
	
$
2,519
	
Promissory	notes	due	to	related	parties
	
$
—
	
	
$
100,000
	
The	related	party	transactions	were	primarily	from	debt	held	by	our	CEO,	SolarCity’s	former	CEO	and	SolarCity’s	former	Chief	Technology
Officer.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,	the	promissory	notes	payable	to	such	parties	were	fully	repaid.	Refer	to	Note	13,	
Long-Term	Debt
Obligations
.
Our	convertible	senior	notes	are	not	re-measured	at	fair	value	(refer	to	Note	5,	
Fair	Value	of	Financial	Instruments
).	As	of	December	31,	2018
and	2017,	the	unpaid	principal	balance	of	convertible	senior	notes	due	to	related	parties	is	$3.0	million.
136	
In	November	2018,	our	CEO	purchased	from	us	56,915	shares	of	our	common	stock	in	a	private	placement	at	a	per	share	price	equal	to	the	last
closing	price	of	our	stock	prior	to	the	execution	of	the	purchase	agreement	for	an	aggregate	$20.0	million.
	
	
Note	22	–	Segment	Reporting	and	Information	about	Geographic	Areas
We	have	two	operating	and	reportable	segments:	(i)	automotive	and	(ii)	energy	generation	and	storage.	The	automotive	segment	includes	the
design,	development,	manufacturing,	sales,	and	leasing	of	electric	vehicles	as	well	as	sales	of	automotive	regulatory	credits.	Additionally,	the
automotive	segment	is	also	comprised	of	services	and	other,	which	includes	non-warranty	after-sales	vehicle	services,	sales	of	used	vehicles,	sales	of
electric	vehicle	components	and	systems	to	other	manufacturers,	retail	merchandise,	and	sales	by	our	acquired	subsidiaries	to	third	party	customers.
The	energy	generation	and	storage	segment	includes	the	design,	manufacture,	installation,	sales,	and	leasing	of	solar	energy	generation	and	energy
storage	products.	Our	CODM	does	not	evaluate	operating	segments	using	asset	or	liability	information.	The	following	table	presents	revenues	and	gross
margins	by	reportable	segment	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
Automotive	segment
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Revenues
	
$
19,906,024
	
	
$
10,642,485
	
	
$
6,818,738
	
Gross	profit
	
$
3,851,673
	
	
$
1,980,759
	
	
$
1,596,195
	
Energy	generation	and	storage	segment
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Revenues
	
$
1,555,244
	
	
$
1,116,266
	
	
$
181,394
	
Gross	profit
	
$
190,348
	
	
$
241,728
	
	
$
3,062
	
The	following	table	presents	revenues	by	geographic	area	based	on	the	sales	location	of	our	products	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
Year	Ended	December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
	
2016
	
United	States
	
$
14,871,507
	
	
$
6,221,439
	
	
$
4,200,706
	
China
	
	
1,757,147
	
	
	
2,027,062
	
	
	
1,065,255
	
Netherlands
	
	
965,596
	
	
	
330,343
	
	
	
305,184
	
Norway
	
	
812,730
	
	
	
823,081
	
	
	
335,572
	
Other
	
	
3,054,288
	
	
	
2,356,826
	
	
	
1,093,415
	
Total
	
$
21,461,268
	
	
$
11,758,751
	
	
$
7,000,132
	
The	following	table	presents	long-lived	assets	by	geographic	area	(in	thousands):
	
	
	
December	31,
	
	
December	31,
	
	
	
2018
	
	
2017
	
United	States
	
$
16,741,409
	
	
$
15,587,979
	
International
	
	
860,064
	
	
	
787,033
	
Total
	
$
17,601,473
	
	
$
16,375,012
	
	
137	
Note	23	–	Restructuring	and	Other
During	2018,	we	carried-out	certain	restructuring	actions	in	order	to	reduce	costs	and	improve	efficiency	and	recognized	$36.6	million	of	employee
termination	expenses	and	estimated	losses	from	sub-leasing	a	certain	facility.	The	employee	termination	cash	expenses	of	$27.3	million	were	substantially
paid	by	the	end	of	2018,	while	the	remaining	amounts	were	non-cash.	Also	included	within	restructuring	and	other	activities	was	$55.2	million	of	expenses
(materially	all	of	which	were	non-cash)	from	restructuring	the	energy	generation	and	storage	segment,	which	comprised	of	disposals	of	certain	tangible
assets,	the	shortening	of	the	useful	life	of	a	trade	name	intangible	asset	and	a	contract	termination	penalty.	In	addition,	we	concluded	that	a	small	portion
of	the	IPR&D	asset	is	not	commercially	feasible.	Consequently,	we	recognized	an	impairment	loss	of	$13.3	million	(see	Note	4,	
Intangible	Assets
).
In	October	2018,	a	final	court	order	was	entered	approving	the	terms	of	a	settlement	in	connection	with	the	SEC’s	legal	actions	relating	to	Elon
Musk’s	prior	consideration	during	the	third	quarter	of	2018	of	a	take-private	proposal	for	Tesla.	Consequently,	we	recognized	settlement	and	legal
expenses	of	$30.1	million	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	(see	Note	17,	
Commitments	and	Contingencies
).	These	expenses	were	substantially	paid
by	the	end	of	2018.
	
	
Note	24	–	Subsequent	Events
On	February	3,	2019,	we	entered	into	a	definitive	agreement	to	acquire	Maxwell	Technologies,	Inc.	(“Maxwell”).	Pursuant	to	the	definitive
agreement,	each	issued	and	outstanding	share	of	Maxwell	common	stock	will	be	exchanged	for	a	fraction	of	a	share	of	our	common	stock	equal	to	the
lesser	of:	(i)	$4.75	divided	by	an	average	value	of	one	share	of	our	common	stock	as	calculated	pursuant	to	the	definitive	agreement,	and	(ii)	0.0193,
provided	that	cash	will	be	paid	in	lieu	of	any	fractional	shares	of	our	common	stock.	The	closing	of	the	transaction	is	subject	to	the	successful	tender	of
a	specified	minimum	number	of	Maxwell	common	stock	in	an	exchange	offer	to	be	commenced	by	our	wholly-owned	subsidiary,	certain	regulatory
approvals	and	customary	closing	conditions.
	
	
Note	25	–	Quarterly	Results	of	Operations	(Unaudited)
The	following	table	presents	selected	quarterly	results	of	operations	data	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2018	and	2017	(in	thousands,
except	per	share	amounts):
	
	
	
Three	Months	Ended
	
	
	
March	31
	
	
June	30
	
	
September	30
	
	
December	31
	
2018
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
$
3,408,751
	
	
$
4,002,231
	
	
$
6,824,413
	
	
$
7,225,873
	
Gross	profit
	
$
456,526
	
	
$
618,930
	
	
$
1,523,665
	
	
$
1,442,900
	
Net	(loss)	income	attributable	to	common
			stockholders
	
$
(709,551
)
	
$
(717,539
)
	
$
311,516
	
	
$
139,483
	
Net	(loss)	income	per	share	of	common	stock
			attributable	to	common	stockholders,	basic
	
$
(4.19
)
	
$
(4.22
)
	
$
1.82
	
	
$
0.81
	
Net	(loss)	income	per	share	of	common	stock
			attributable	to	common	stockholders,	diluted
	
$
(4.19
)
	
$
(4.22
)
	
$
1.75
	
	
$
0.78
	
2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Total	revenues
	
$
2,696,270
	
	
$
2,789,557
	
	
$
2,984,675
	
	
$
3,288,249
	
Gross	profit
	
$
667,946
	
	
$
666,615
	
	
$
449,140
	
	
$
438,786
	
Net	loss	attributable	to	common
			stockholders
	
$
(330,277
)
	
$
(336,397
)
	
$
(619,376
)
	
$
(675,350
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock
			attributable	to	common	stockholders,	basic
	
$
(2.04
)
	
$
(2.04
)
	
$
(3.70
)
	
$
(4.01
)
Net	loss	per	share	of	common	stock
			attributable	to	common	stockholders,	diluted
	
$
(2.04
)
	
$
(2.04
)
	
$
(3.70
)
	
$
(4.01
)
	
	
	
	
	
138	
I
TEM	9.
CHANGES	IN	AND	DISAGREEMENTS	WITH	ACCOUNTANTS	ON	ACCOUNTING	AND	FINANCIAL	DISCLOSURE
None
I
TEM	9A.
CONTROLS	AND	PROCEDURES
Evaluation	of	Disclosure	Controls	and	Procedures
We	conducted	an	evaluation	as	of	December	31,	2018,	under	the	supervision	and	with	the	participation	of	our	management,	including	our	Chief
Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer,	of	the	effectiveness	of	the	design	and	operation	of	our	disclosure	controls	and	procedures.	Based	upon
that	evaluation,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	concluded	that,	as	of	December	31,	2018,	our	disclosure	controls	and
procedures	were	effective	to	provide	reasonable	assurance.
During	the	fourth	quarter	of	2018,	we	further	enhanced	our	disclosure	controls	in	accordance	with	the	September	29,	2018	settlement	with	the
SEC	regarding	Elon	Musk’s	social	media	posts	on	August	7,	2018.
Management’s	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
Our	management	is	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	adequate	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.	Internal	control	over
financial	reporting	is	a	process	designed	by,	or	under	the	supervision	of,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	to	provide	reasonable
assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally
accepted	accounting	principles	and	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(1)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that	in	reasonable	detail
accurately	and	fairly	reflect	the	transactions	and	dispositions	of	our	assets;	(2)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are	recorded	as
necessary	to	permit	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	our	receipts	and
expenditures	are	being	made	only	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	our	management	and	directors	and	(3)	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding
prevention	or	timely	detection	of	unauthorized	acquisition,	use	or	disposition	of	our	assets	that	could	have	a	material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.
Under	the	supervision	and	with	the	participation	of	our	management,	including	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer,	we
conducted	an	evaluation	of	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	based	on	criteria	established	in	
Internal	Control	–
Integrated	Framework	(2013)
	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(“COSO”).	Our	management
concluded	that	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	was	effective	as	of	December	31,	2018.
Our	independent	registered	public	accounting	firm,	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP,	has	audited	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over
financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2018,	as	stated	in	their	report	which	is	included	herein.
Limitations	on	the	Effectiveness	of	Controls
Because	of	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements	and	projections	of	any
evaluation	of	effectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the
degree	of	compliance	with	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.
Changes	in	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting
There	was	no	change	in	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	fourth	fiscal	quarter	of	the	year	ended
December	31,	2018,	which	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably	likely	to	materially	affect,	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.
I
TEM	9B.
OTHER	INFORMATION
None
	
	
	
139	
P
ART	III
I
TEM	10.
DIRECTORS,	EXECUTIVE	OFFICERS	AND	CORPORATE	GOVERNANCE
The	information	required	by	this	Item	10	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2019	Proxy	Statement	to	be	filed	with	the	Securities	and
Exchange	Commission	in	connection	with	the	solicitation	of	proxies	for	our	2019	Annual	Meeting	of	Stockholders	and	is	incorporated	herein	by
reference.	The	2019	Proxy	Statement	will	be	filed	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	within	120	days	after	the	end	of	the	fiscal	year	to
which	this	report	relates.
I
TEM	11.
EXECUTIVE	COMPENSATION
The	information	required	by	this	Item	11	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2019	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
I
TEM	12.
SECURITY	OWNERSHIP	OF	CERTAIN	BENEFICIAL	OWNERS	AND	MANAGEMENT	AND	RELATED	STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS
The	information	required	by	this	Item	12	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2019	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
I
TEM	13.
CERTAIN	RELATIONSHIPS	AND	RELATED	TRANSACTIONS	AND	DIRECTOR	INDEPENDENCE
The	information	required	by	this	Item	13	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2019	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
I
TEM	14.
PRINCIPAL	ACCOUNTANT	FEES	AND	SERVICES
The	information	required	by	this	Item	14	of	Form	10-K	will	be	included	in	our	2019	Proxy	Statement	and	is	incorporated	herein	by	reference.
ITEM	15.
EXHIBITS	AND	FINANCIAL	STATEMENT	SCHEDULES
1.
Financial	statements	(see	
Index	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements
	in	Part	II,	Item	8	of	this	report)
2.
All	financial	statement	schedules	have	been	omitted	since	the	required	information	was	not	applicable	or	was	not	present	in	amounts	sufficient
to	require	submission	of	the	schedules,	or	because	the	information	required	is	included	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	or	the
accompanying	notes
3.
The	exhibits	listed	in	the	following	
Index	to	Exhibits
	are	filed	or	incorporated	by	reference	as	part	of	this	report
	
	
	
140	
INDEX	TO	EXHIBITS
	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				3.1
		
Amended	and	Restated	Certificate	of
Incorporation	of	the	Registrant.
		
10-K
		
001-34756
		
3.1
		
March	1,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				3.2
	
Certificate	of	Amendment	to	the	Amended	and
Restated	Certificate	of	Incorporation	of	the
Registrant.
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
3.2
	
March	1,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				3.3
		
Amended	and	Restated	Bylaws	of	the	Registrant.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
3.2
		
February	1,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.1
		
Specimen	common	stock	certificate	of	the
Registrant.
		
10-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
March	1,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.2
		
Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors’	Rights
Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	31,	2009,
between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein.
		
S-1
		
333-164593
		
4.2
		
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.3
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investors’	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May
20,	2010,	between	Registrant	and	certain
holders	of	the	Registrant’s	capital	stock	named
therein.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
4.2A
		
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.4
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investors’	Rights	Agreement	between
Registrant,	Toyota	Motor	Corporation	and
certain	holders	of	the	Registrant’s	capital	stock
named	therein.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
4.2B
		
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.5
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June
14,	2010,	between	Registrant	and	certain
holders	of	the	Registrant’s	capital	stock	named
therein.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
4.2C
		
June	15,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.6
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of
November	2,	2010,	between	Registrant	and
certain	holders	of	the	Registrant’s	capital	stock
named	therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
November	4,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.7
		
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	22,	2011,
between	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of	the
Registrant’s	capital	stock	named	therein.
		
S-1/A
		
333-174466
		
4.2E
		
June	2,	2011
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
141	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.8
		
Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated
Investor’s	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May
30,	2011,	between	Registrant	and	certain
holders	of	the	Registrant’s	capital	stock	named
therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
June	1,	2011
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.9
		
Sixth	Amendment	to	Fifth	Amended	and
Restated	Investors’	Rights	Agreement,	dated	as
of	May	15,	2013	among	the	Registrant,	the	Elon
Musk	Revocable	Trust	dated	July	22,	2003	and
certain	other	holders	of	the	capital	stock	of	the
Registrant	named	therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
May	20,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.10
		
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	14,	2013,
between	the	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of
the	capital	stock	of	the	Registrant	named
therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.2
		
May	20,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.11
		
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investor’s
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	13,	2015,
between	the	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of
the	capital	stock	of	the	Registrant	named
therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
August	19,	2015
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.12
		
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors’
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	18,	2016,
between	the	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of
the	capital	stock	of	the	Registrant	named
therein.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
May	24,	2016
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.13
	
Waiver	to	Fifth	Amended	and	Restated	Investors’
Rights	Agreement,	dated	as	of	March	15,	2017,
between	the	Registrant	and	certain	holders	of
the	capital	stock	of	the	Registrant	named
therein.
	
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
March	17,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.14
		
Indenture,	dated	as	of	May	22,	2013,	by	and
between	the	Registrant	and	U.S.	Bank	National
Association.
		
8-K
		
001-34756
		
4.1
		
May	22,	2013
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.15
	
Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	5,	2014,	by	and	between	the	Registrant
and	U.S.	Bank	National	Association
.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.16
	
Form	of	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due
March	1,	2019	(included	in	Exhibit	4.17).
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
142	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.17
	
Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	5,	2014,	by	and	between	the	Registrant
and	U.S.	Bank	National	Association.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.4
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.18
	
Form	of	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due
March	1,	2021	(included	in	Exhibit	4.19).
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.4
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.19
	
Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	22,	2017,	by	and	between	the	Registrant
and	U.S.	Bank	National	Association.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
March	22,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.20
	
Form	of	2.375%	Convertible	Senior	Note	Due
March	15,	2022	(included	in	Exhibit	4.21).
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
March	22,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.21
	
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	18,	2017,	by	and
among	the	Registrant,	SolarCity,	and	U.S.	Bank
National	Association,	as	trustee.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.1
	
August	23,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.22
	
Form	of	5.30%	Senior	Note	due	August	15,	2025
.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
August	23,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.23
	
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	30,	2014,
between	SolarCity	and	Wells	Fargo	Bank,
National	Association
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.1
	
October	6,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.24
	
First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
November	21,	2016,	between	SolarCity	and
Wells	Fargo	Bank,	National	Association,	as
trustee	to	the	Indenture,	dated	as	of	September
30,	2014,	between	SolarCity	and	Wells	Fargo
Bank,	National	Association,	as	trustee.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.2
	
November	21,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.25
	
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	7,	2015,
between	SolarCity	and	Wells	Fargo	Bank,
National	Association
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.1
	
December	7,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.26
	
First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
November	21,	2016,	between	SolarCity	and
Wells	Fargo	Bank,	National	Association,	as
trustee	to	the	Indenture,	dated	as	of	December
7,	2015,	between	SolarCity	and	Wells	Fargo
Bank,	National	Association,	as	trustee.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
4.3
	
November	21,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.27
	
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	15,	2014,
between	SolarCity	and	U.S.	Bank	National
Association,	as	trustee.
	
S-3ASR(1)
	
333-199321
	
4.1
	
October	15,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
143	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.28
	
Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
October	15,	2014,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2014/3-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
October	15,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.29
	
Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
October	15,	2014,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2014/4-7
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
October	15,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.30
	
Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
January	29,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/3-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
January	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.31
	
Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
January	29,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/4-7.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
January	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.32
	
Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	9,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/5-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
March	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.33
	
Tenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	9,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/6-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
March	9,	2015
	
	
				4.34
	
Eleventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	9,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.75%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/7-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
March	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.35
	
Thirteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	19,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C2-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
March	19,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.36
	
Fourteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	19,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C3-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
March	19,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
144	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.37
	
Fifteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	19,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C4-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
March	19,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.38
	
Sixteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	19,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C5-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
March	19,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.39
	
Eighteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C7-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
March	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.40
	
Nineteenth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C8-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
March	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.41
	
Twentieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
March	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C9-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
March	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.42
	
Twenty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	March	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity
and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C10-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
March	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.43
	
Twenty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	2,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C12-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	2,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.44
	
Twenty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	2,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C13-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	2,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.45
	
Twenty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	2,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C14-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
April	2,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
145	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.46
	
Twenty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	9,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C17-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.47
	
Twenty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	9,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C18-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.48
	
Thirtieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	9,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C19-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
April	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.49
	
Thirty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	9,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C20-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
April	9,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.50
	
Thirty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C22-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.51
	
Thirty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C23-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.52
	
Thirty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C24-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
April	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.53
	
Thirty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C25-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
April	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.54
	
Thirty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	21,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C27-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
146	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.55
	
Thirty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	21,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C28-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.56
	
Forty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	27,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C30-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
April	27,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.57
	
Forty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	27,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C31-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
April	27,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.58
	
Forty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
April	27,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C32-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
April	27,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.59
	
Forty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	April	27,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C33-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
April	27,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.60
	
Forty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	1,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/10-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
May	1,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.61
	
Forty-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	May	1,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/11-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
May	1,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.62
	
Forty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	May	1,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/12-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
May	1,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.63
	
Forty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	1,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.75%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/13-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
May	1,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
147	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.64
	
Fiftieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	May
11,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C34-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
May	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.65
	
Fifty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	11,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C35-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
May	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.66
	
Fifty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	May	11,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C36-10
.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
May	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.67
	
Fifty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	11,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C37-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
May	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.68
	
Fifty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.50%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/14-2.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
May	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.69
	
Fifty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	18,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C38-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
May	18,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.70
	
Fifty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	18,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C39-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
May	18,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.71
	
Fifty-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	May	18,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C40-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
May	18,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.72
	
Fifty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	18,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C41-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
May	18,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
148	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.73
	
Fifty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C42-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
May	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.74
	
Sixtieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C43-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
May	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.75
	
Sixty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
May	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C44-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
May	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.76
	
Sixty-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	May	26,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C45-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
May	26,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.77
	
Sixty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	June	8,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C46-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
June	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.78
	
Sixty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
June	8,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C47-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.79
	
Sixty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
June	8,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C48-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
June	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.80
	
Sixty-Seventh	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	June	8,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C49-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
June	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.81
	
Sixty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	June	16,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C50-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
June	16,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
149	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.82
	
Sixty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
June	16,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C51-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	16,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.83
	
Seventieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
June	16,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C52-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
June	16,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.84
	
Seventy-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	June	16,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C53-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
June	16,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.85
	
Seventy-Second	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated
as	of	June	22,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity
and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C54-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
June	23,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.86
	
Seventy-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	June	22,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C55-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	23,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.87
	
Seventy-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated
as	of	June	22,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity
and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C56-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
June	23,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.88
	
Seventy-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	June	22,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C57-15
.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
June	23,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.89
	
Seventy-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated
as	of	June	29,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity
and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C59-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.90
	
Seventy-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	June	29,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C60-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
June	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
150	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.91
	
Eightieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
June	29,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C61-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
June	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.92
	
Eighty-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
June	29,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C62-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
June	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.93
	
Eighty-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	July	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C64-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
July	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.94
	
Eighty-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	July	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C65-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
July	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.95
	
Eighty-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
July	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C66-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
July	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.196
	
Eighty-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	July	14,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C67-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
July	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.97
	
Eighty-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	July	20,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C69-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
July	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.98
	
Eighty-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	July	20,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C70-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
July	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.99
	
Ninetieth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
July	20,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C71-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
July	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
151	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.100
	
Ninety-First	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
July	20,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C72-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
July	21,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.101
	
Ninety-Third	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	July	31,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/18-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
July	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.102
	
Ninety-Fourth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	July	31,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/19-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
July	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.103
	
Ninety-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of
July	31,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.00%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/20-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
July	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.104
	
Ninety-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	July	31,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.75%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/21-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
July	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.105
	
Ninety-Eighth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	August	3,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C74-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	3,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.106
	
Ninety-Ninth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as
of	August	3,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and
the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2015/C75-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	3,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.107
	
One	Hundredth	Supplemental	Indenture,	dated
as	of	August	3,	2015,	by	and	between	SolarCity
and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	4.70%
Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C76-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	3,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.108
	
One	Hundred-and-First	Supplemental	Indenture,
dated	as	of	August	3,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s
5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C77-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	3,	2015
	
	
152	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.109
	
One	Hundred-and-Third	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	10,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C79-
3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.110
	
One	Hundred-and-Fourth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	10,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C80-
5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.111
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifth	Supplemental	Indenture,
dated	as	of	August	10,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s
4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C81-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.112
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixth	Supplemental	Indenture,
dated	as	of	August	10,	2015,	by	and	between
SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s
5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C82-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	10,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.113
	
One	Hundred-and-Eighth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C84-
3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.114
	
One	Hundred-and-Ninth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C85-
5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.115
	
One	Hundred-and-Tenth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C86-
10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.116
	
One	Hundred-and-Eleventh	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C87-
15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
153	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.117
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirteenth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	24,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C89-
3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.118
	
One	Hundred-and-Fourteenth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	24,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C90-
5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.119
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifteenth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	24,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C91-
10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.120
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixteenth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	24,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C92-
15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.121
	
One	Hundred-and-Eighteenth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	31,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C94-
3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
August	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.122
	
One	Hundred-and-Nineteenth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	31,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C95-
5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
August	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.123
	
One	Hundred-and-Twentieth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	31,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C96-
10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
August	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.124
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-First	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	31,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/C97-
15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
August	31,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
154	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.125
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Second	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	11,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/R1.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
September	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.126
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Third	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	11,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/R2.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
September	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.127
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Fourth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	11,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/R3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
September	11,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.128
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Sixth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C99-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
September	15,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.129
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Seventh	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C100-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
September	15,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.130
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Eighth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C101-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
September	15,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.131
	
One	Hundred-and-Twenty-Ninth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C102-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
September	15,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.132
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-First	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C104-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
September	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
155	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.133
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Second	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C105-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
September	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.134
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Third	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C106-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
September	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.135
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Fourth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	September	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C107-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
September	29,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.136
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Sixth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	13,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C109-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
October	13,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.137
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Seventh	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	13,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C110-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
October	13,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.138
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Eighth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	13,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C111-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
October	13,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.139
	
One	Hundred-and-Thirty-Ninth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	13,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C112-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
October	13,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.140
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-First	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	30,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/23-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
156	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.141
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Second	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	30,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/24-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.142
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Third	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	30,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/25-
10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.143
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Fourth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	October	30,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.75%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2015/26-
15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.144
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Sixth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	4,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C114-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
November	4,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.145
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Seventh	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	4,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C115-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
November	4,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.146
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Eighth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	4,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C116-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
November	4,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.147
	
One	Hundred-and-Forty-Ninth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	4,	2015,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C117-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
November	4,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.148
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-First	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	16,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C119-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
November	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
157	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.149
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Second	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	16,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C120-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
November	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.150
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Third	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	16,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C121-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
November	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.151
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Fourth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	16,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C122-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
November	17,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.152
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Sixth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	30,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C124-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
November	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.153
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Seventh	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	30,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C125-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
November	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.154
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Eighth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	30,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C126-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
November	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.155
	
One	Hundred-and-Fifty-Ninth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	November	30,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C127-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
November	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.156
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-First	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C129-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
December	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
158	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.157
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Second	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C130-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
December	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.158
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Third	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C131-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
December	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.159
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Fourth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	14,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C132-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
December	14,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.160
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Sixth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	2.65%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C134-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
December	28,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.161
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Seventh	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	3.60%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C135-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
December	28,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.162
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Eighth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	4.70%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C136-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
December	28,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.163
	
One	Hundred-and-Sixty-Ninth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	December	28,	2015,	by
and	between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related
to	SolarCity’s	5.45%	Solar	Bonds,	Series
2015/C137-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
December	28,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.164
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-First	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	January	29,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	3.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/2-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
January	29,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
159	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.165
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Second	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	January	29,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/3-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
January	29,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.166
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Third	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	January	29,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.00%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/4-10.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.5
	
January	29,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.167
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Fourth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	January	29,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.75%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/5-15.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.6
	
January	29,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.168
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Sixth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	February	26,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.50%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/7-3.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
February	26,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.169
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Seventh
Supplemental	Indenture,	dated	as	of	February
26,	2016,	by	and	between	SolarCity	and	the
Trustee,	related	to	SolarCity’s	5.25%	Solar
Bonds,	Series	2016/8-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.4
	
February	26,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.170
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Eighth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	21,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.40%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/9-1.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
March	21,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.171
	
One	Hundred-and-Seventy-Ninth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	March	21,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.25%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/10-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
March	21,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.172
	
One	Hundred-and-Eightieth	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	10,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	4.40%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/11-1.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
June	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
160	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.173
	
One	Hundred-and-Eighty-First	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	June	10,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	5.25%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/12-5.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.3
	
June	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
				4.174
	
One	Hundred-and-Eighty-Second	Supplemental
Indenture,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2016,	by	and
between	SolarCity	and	the	Trustee,	related	to
SolarCity’s	6.50%	Solar	Bonds,	Series	2016/13-
18M.
	
8-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
4.2
	
August	17,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.1**
		
Form	of	Indemnification	Agreement	between	the
Registrant	and	its	directors	and	officers.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
10.1
		
June	15,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.2**
		
2003	Equity	Incentive	Plan.
		
S-1/A
		
333-164593
		
10.2
		
May	27,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.3**
		
Form	of	Stock	Option	Agreement	under	2003
Equity	Incentive	Plan.
		
S-1
		
333-164593
		
10.3
		
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.4**
		
Amended	and	Restated	2010	Equity	Incentive
Plan.
		
10-K
		
001-34756
		
10.4
	
February	23,	2018
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.5**
		
Form	of	Stock	Option	Agreement	under	2010
Equity	Incentive	Plan.
		
10-K
		
001-34756
		
10.6
		
March	1,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.6**
		
Form	of	Restricted	Stock	Unit	Award	Agreement
under	2010	Equity	Incentive	Plan.
		
10-K
		
001-34756
		
10.7
		
March	1,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.7**
		
Amended	and	Restated	2010	Employee	Stock
Purchase	Plan,	effective	as	of	February	1,	2017.
	
10-K
		
001-34756
		
10.8
		
March	1,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.8**
	
2007	SolarCity	Stock	Plan	and	form	of
agreements	used	thereunder.
	
S-1(1)
	
333-184317
	
10.2
	
October	5,	2012
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.9**
	
2012	SolarCity	Equity	Incentive	Plan	and	form	of
agreements	used	thereunder.
	
S-1(1)
	
333-184317
	
10.3
	
October	5,	2012
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.10**
	
2010	Zep	Solar,	Inc.	Equity	Incentive	Plan	and
form	of	agreements	used	thereunder.
	
S-8(1)
	
333-192996
	
4.5
	
December	20,	2013
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.11**
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Elon
Musk	dated	October	13,	2008.
		
S-1
		
333-164593
		
10.9
		
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.12**
	
Performance	Stock	Option	Agreement	between
the	Registrant	and	Elon	Musk	dated	January	21,
2018.
	
DEF	14A
	
001-34756
	
Appendix	A
	
February	8,	2018
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
161	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.13**
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Jeffrey
B.	Straubel	dated	May	6,	2004.
		
S-1
		
333-164593
		
10.12
		
January	29,	2010
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.14**
		
Offer	Letter	between	the	Registrant	and	Deepak
Ahuja	dated	February	21,	2017.
		
10-Q
		
001-34756
		
10.7
		
May	10,	2017
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.15
	
Indemnification	Agreement,	dated	as	of
February	27,	2014,	by	and	between	the
Registrant	and	J.P.	Morgan	Securities	LLC.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.16
	
Form	of	Call	Option	Confirmation	relating	to
0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	March	1,
2019.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.17
	
Form	of	Call	Option	Confirmation	relating	to
1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	March	1,
2021.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.3
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.18
	
Form	of	Warrant	Confirmation	relating	to	0.25%
Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	March	1,	2019.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.4
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.19
	
Form	of	Warrant	Confirmation	relating	to	1.25%
Convertible	Senior	Notes	Due	March	1,	2021.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.5
	
March	5,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.20
	
Form	of	Call	Option	Confirmation	relating	to
2.375%	Convertible	Notes	due	March	15,	2022
.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
March	22,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.21
	
Form	of	Warrant	Confirmation	relating	to
2.375%	Convertible	Notes	due	March	15,	2022.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
March	22,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.22†
		
Supply	Agreement	between	Panasonic
Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated	October	5,
2011.
		
10-K
		
-001-34756
		
10.50
		
February	27,	2012
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.23†
		
Amendment	No.	1	to	Supply	Agreement	between
Panasonic	Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated
October	29,	2013.
		
10-K
		
001-34756
		
10.35A
		
February	26,	2014
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.24
	
Agreement	between	Panasonic	Corporation	and
the	Registrant	dated	July	31,	2014.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
November	7,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.25†
	
General	Terms	and	Conditions	between
Panasonic	Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated
October	1,	2014.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
October	11,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
162	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.26
	
Letter	Agreement,	dated	as	of	February	24,
2015,	regarding	addition	of	co-party	to	General
Terms	and	Conditions,	Production	Pricing
Agreement	and	Investment	Letter	Agreement
between	Panasonic	Corporation	and	the
Registrant.
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
10.25A
	
February	24,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.27†
	
Amendment	to	Gigafactory	General	Terms,	dated
March	1,	2016,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,
Panasonic	Corporation	and	Panasonic	Energy
Corporation	of	North	America.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
October	11,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.28†
	
Production	Pricing	Agreement	between
Panasonic	Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated
October	1,	2014.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.3
	
November	7,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.29†
	
Investment	Letter	Agreement	between
Panasonic	Corporation	and	the	Registrant	dated
October	1,	2014.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.4
	
November	7,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.30
	
Amendment	to	Gigafactory	Documents,	dated
April	5,	2016,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,
Panasonic	Corporation,	Panasonic	Corporation	of
North	America	and	Panasonic	Energy
Corporation	of	North	America.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
May	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.31
	
ABL	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	10,
2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla
Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the
Registrant’s	and	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands
B.V.’s	direct	or	indirect	subsidiaries	from	time	to
time	party	thereto,	as	borrowers,	Wells	Fargo
Bank,	National	Association,	as	documentation
agent,	JPMorgan	Chase	Bank,	N.A.,	Goldman
Sachs	Bank	USA,	Morgan	Stanley	Senior
Funding	Inc.	and	Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as
syndication	agents,	the	lenders	from	time	to	time
party	thereto,	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG	New	York
Branch,	as	administrative	agent	and	collateral
agent.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
June	12,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
163	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.32
	
First	Amendment,	dated	as	of	November	3,	2015,
to	ABL	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	10,
2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla
Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the
Registrant’s	and	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands
B.V.’s	direct	or	indirect	subsidiaries	from	time	to
time	party	thereto,	as	borrowers,	and	the
documentation	agent,	syndication	agents,
administrative	agent,	collateral	agent	and
lenders	from	time	to	time	party	thereto.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
November	5,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.33
	
Second	Amendment,	dated	as	of	December	31,
2015,	to	ABL	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June
10,	2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla
Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the
Registrant’s	and	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands
B.V.’s	direct	or	indirect	subsidiaries	from	time	to
time	party	thereto,	as	borrowers,	and	the
documentation	agent,	syndication	agents,
administrative	agent,	collateral	agent	and
lenders	from	time	to	time	party	thereto.
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
10.28B
	
February	24,	2016
	
	
		10.34
	
Third	Amendment,	dated	as	of	February	9,	2016,
to	ABL	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	10,
2015,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla
Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	certain	of	the
Registrant’s	and	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands
B.V.’s	direct	or	indirect	subsidiaries	from	time	to
time	party	thereto,	as	borrowers,	and	the
documentation	agent,	syndication	agents,
administrative	agent,	collateral	agent	and
lenders	from	time	to	time	party	thereto.
	
10-K
	
001-34756
	
10.28C
	
February	24,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.35
	
Fourth	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement,	dated
as	of	July	31,	2016,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	the	lenders	party
thereto	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG	New	York
Branch,	as	administrative	agent	and	collateral
agent.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
August	1,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
164	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.36
	
Fifth	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as
of	December	15,	2016,	among	the	Registrant,
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	the	lenders	party
thereto	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York
Branch,	as	administrative	agent	and	collateral
agent.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
December	20,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.37
	
Sixth	Amendment	to	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as
of	June	19,	2017,	among	the	Registrant,	Tesla
Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,	the	lenders	party
thereto	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York
Branch,	as	administrative	agent	and	collateral
agent
.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
August	4,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.38
	
Seventh	Amendment	to	the	ABL	Credit
Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	11,	2017,	by	and
among	the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands
B.V.,	Deutsche	Bank	AG	New	York	Branch,	as
administrative	agent	and	collateral	agent,	and
the	other	agents	party	thereto.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
August	23,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.39
	
	
Eighth	Amendment	to	the	ABL	Credit
Agreement,	dated	as	of	March	12,	2018,	by	and
among	the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands
B.V.,	Deutsche	Bank	AG	New	York	Branch,	as
administrative	agent	and	collateral	agent,	and
the	other	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
May	7,	2018
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.40
	
	
Ninth	Amendment	to	the	ABL	Credit	Agreement,
dated	as	of	May	3,	2018,	by	and	among	the
Registrant,	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,
Deutsche	Bank	AG	New	York	Branch,	as
administrative	agent	and	collateral	agent,	and
the	other	agents	party	thereto.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.3
	
May	7,	2018
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.41
	
Tenth	Amendment	to	the	ABL	Credit	Agreement,
dated	as	of	December	10,	2018,	by	and	among
the	Registrant,	Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.,
Deutsche	Bank	AG	New	York	Branch,	as
administrative	agent	and	collateral	agent,	and
the	other	agents	party	thereto.
	
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
165	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.42†
	
	
Agreement	for	Tax	Abatement	and	Incentives,
dated	as	of	May	7,	2015,	by	and	between	Tesla
Motors,	Inc.	and	the	State	of	Nevada,	acting	by
and	through	the	Nevada	Governor’s	Office	of
Economic	Development.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
August	7,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.43†
	
Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security
Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2017,	by	and
among	Tesla	2014	Warehouse	SPV	LLC,	Tesla
Finance	LLC,	the	Lenders	and	Group	Agents
from	time	to	time	party	thereto,	and	Deutsche
Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	Administrative
Agent.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.3
	
November	3,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.44†
	
Amendment	No.	1	to	Amended	and	Restated
Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of
October	18,	2017,	by	and	among	Tesla	2014
Warehouse	SPV	LLC,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	the
Lenders	and	Group	Agents	from	time	to	time
party	thereto,	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York
Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent,	and	Deutsche
Bank	Trust	Company	Americas,	as	Paying	Agent.
	
10-K
		
001-34756
		
10.44
	
February	23,	2018
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.45
	
Amendment	No.	2	to	Amended	and	Restated
Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of	March
23,	2018,	by	and	among	Tesla	2014	Warehouse
SPV	LLC,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	the	Lenders	and
Group	Agents	from	time	to	time	party	thereto,
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as
Administrative	Agent,	and	Deutsche	Bank	Trust
Company	Americas,	as	Paying	Agent.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.4
	
May	7,	2018
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.46
	
Amendment	No.	3	to	Amended	and	Restated
Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of	May
4,	2018,	by	and	among	Tesla	2014	Warehouse
SPV	LLC,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	the	Lenders	and
Group	Agents	from	time	to	time	party	thereto,
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch	as
Administrative	Agent,	and	Deutsche	Bank	Trust
Company	Americas,	as	Paying	Agent.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
November	2,	2018
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
166	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.47†
	
Amendment	No.	4	to	Amended	and	Restated
Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of
August	16,	2018,	by	and	among	Tesla	2014
Warehouse	SPV	LLC,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	the
Lenders	and	Group	Agents	from	time	to	time
party	thereto,	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York
Branch	as	Administrative	Agent	and	Deutsche
Bank	Trust	Company	Americas,	as	Paying	Agent.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.3
	
November	2,	2018
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.48†
	
Amendment	No.	5	to	Amended	and	Restated
Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	executed	on
December	28,	2018,	by	and	among	Tesla	2014
Warehouse	SPV	LLC,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	the
Lenders	and	Group	Agents	from	time	to	time
party	thereto,	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York
Branch	as	Administrative	Agent	and	Deutsche
Bank	Trust	Company	Americas,	as	Paying	Agent.
	
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.49†
	
Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of
August	17,	2017,	by	and	among	LML	Warehouse
SPV,	LLC,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	the	Lenders	and
Group	Agents	from	time	to	time	party	thereto,
and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as
Administrative	Agent.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.4
	
November	3,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.50†
	
Amendment	No.	1	to	Loan	and	Security
Agreement,	dated	as	of	October	18,	2017,	by	and
among	LML	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC,	Tesla	Finance
LLC,	the	Lenders	and	Group	Agents	from	time	to
time	party	thereto,	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York
Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent,	and	Deutsche
Bank	Trust	Company	Americas,	as	Paying	Agent.
	
10-K
		
001-34756
		
10.46
	
February	23,	2018
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.51
	
Amendment	No.	2	to	Loan	and	Security
Agreement,	dated	as	of	March	23,	2018,	by	and
among	LML	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC,	Tesla	Finance
LLC,	the	Lenders	and	Group	Agents	from	time	to
time	party	thereto,	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York
Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent,	and	Deutsche
Bank	Trust	Company	Americas,	as	Paying	Agent.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.5
	
May	7,	2018
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
167	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.52
	
Amendment	No.	3	to	Loan	and	Security
Agreement,	dated	as	of	May	4,	2018,	by	and
among	LML	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC,	the	Lenders
and	Group	Agents	from	time	to	time	party
thereto,	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York
Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.2
	
November	2,	2018
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.53†
	
Amendment	No.	4	to	Loan	and	Security
Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	16,	2018,	by	and
among	LML	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC,	the	Lenders
and	Group	Agents	from	time	to	time	party
thereto,	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York
Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent.
	
10-Q
	
001-34756
	
10.4
	
November	2,	2018
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.54†
	
Payoff	and	Termination	Letter,	executed	on
December	28,	2018,	by	and	among	LML
Warehouse	SPV,	LLC,	the	Lenders	and	Group
Agents	from	time	to	time	party	thereto,	and
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as
Administrative	Agent,	relating	to	Loan	and
Security	Agreement.
	
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.55†
	
Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	executed	on
December	28,	2018,	by	and	among	LML	2018
Warehouse	SPV,	LLC,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	the
Lenders	and	Group	Agents	from	time	to	time
party	thereto,	Deutsche	Bank	Trust	Company
Americas,	as	Paying	Agent,	and	Deutsche	Bank
AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent.
	
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.56
	
Purchase	Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	11,
2017,	by	and	among	the	Registrant,	SolarCity
and	Goldman	Sachs	&	Co.	LLC	and	Morgan
Stanley	&	Co.	LLC	as	representatives	of	the
several	initial	purchasers	named	therein.
	
8-K
	
001-34756
	
10.1
	
August	23,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
168	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.57
	
Amended	and	Restated	Agreement	For	Research
&	Development	Alliance	on	Triex	Module
Technology,	effective	as	of	September	2,	2014,
by	and	between	The	Research	Foundation	For
The	State	University	of	New	York,	on	behalf	of
the	College	of	Nanoscale	Science	and
Engineering	of	the	State	University	of	New	York,
and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16
	
November	6,	2014
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.58
	
First	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development
Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective
as	of	October	31,	2014,	by	and	between	The
Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16a
	
February	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.59
	
Second	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development
Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective
as	of	December	15,	2014,	by	and	between	The
Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16b
	
February	24,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.60
	
Third	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development
Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective
as	of	February	12,	2015,	by	and	between	The
Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16c
	
May	6,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
169	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.61
	
Fourth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development
Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective
as	of	March	30,	2015,	by	and	between	The
Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	Inc.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16d
	
May	6,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.62
	
Fifth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development
Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective
as	of	June	30,	2015,	by	and	between	The
Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16e
	
July	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.63
	
Sixth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development
Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective
as	of	September	1,	2015,	by	and	between	The
Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16f
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.64
	
Seventh	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development
Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective
as	of	October	9,	2015,	by	and	between	The
Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC
.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16g
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
170	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.65
	
Eighth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development
Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective
as	of	October	26,	2015,	by	and	between	The
Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-Q(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16h
	
October	30,	2015
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.66
	
Ninth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development
Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective
as	of	December	9,	2015,	by	and	between	The
Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	College	of	Nanoscale
Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State	University
of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-K(1)
	
001-35758
	
10.16i
	
February	10,	2016
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		10.67
	
Tenth	Amendment	to	Amended	and	Restated
Agreement	For	Research	&	Development
Alliance	on	Triex	Module	Technology,	effective
as	of	March	31,	2017,	by	and	between	The
Research	Foundation	For	The	State	University	of
New	York,	on	behalf	of	the	Colleges	of
Nanoscale	Science	and	Engineering	of	the	State
University	of	New	York,	and	Silevo,	LLC.
	
10-Q
		
001-34756
		
10.8
		
May	10,	2017
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		21.1
	
List	of	Subsidiaries	of	the	Registrant
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
—
	
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		23.1
		
Consent	of	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP,
Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		31.1
		
Rule	13a-14(a)	/	15(d)-14(a)	Certification	of
Principal	Executive	Officer
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		31.2
		
Rule	13a-14(a)	/	15(d)-14(a)	Certification	of
Principal	Financial	Officer
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
—		
		
X
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		32.1*
		
Section	1350	Certifications
		
—
		
—
		
—
		
—
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.INS
		
XBRL	Instance	Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
171	
Exhibit
	
	
	
Incorporated	by	Reference
	
Filed
Number
	
Exhibit	Description
	
Form
	
File	No.
	
Exhibit
	
Filing	Date
	
Herewith
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.SCH
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Schema	Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.CAL
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Calculation	Linkbase
Document.
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.DEF
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Definition	Linkbase
Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.LAB
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Label	Linkbase
Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
101.PRE
		
XBRL	Taxonomy	Extension	Presentation
Linkbase	Document
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
		
	
	
*
Furnished	herewith
**
Indicates	a	management	contract	or	compensatory	plan	or	arrangement
†
Confidential	treatment	has	been	requested	for	portions	of	this	exhibit
(1)
Indicates	a	filing	of	SolarCity
ITEM	16.
SUMMARY
None
	
172	
SIGNAT
URES
Pursuant	to	the	requirements	of	Section	13	or	15(d)	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	the	registrant	has	duly	caused	this	report	to	be	signed
on	its	behalf	by	the	undersigned,	thereunto	duly	authorized.
	
	
	
Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
	
Date:	February	19,	2019
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
	
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
	
Pursuant	to	the	requirements	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	this	report	has	been	signed	below	by	the	following	persons	on	behalf	of
the	registrant	and	in	the	capacities	and	on	the	dates	indicated.
	
Signature
		
Title
	
Date
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
		
Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Director	(Principal	Executive
Officer)
	
February	19,	2019
				Elon	Musk
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
		
Chief	Financial	Officer	(Principal	Financial	Officer	and
Principal	Accounting	Officer)
	
February	19,	2019
				Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Brad	W.	Buss
		
Director
	
February	19,	2019
				Brad	W.	Buss
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Robyn	Denholm
		
Director
	
February	19,	2019
				Robyn	Denholm
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Ira	Ehrenpreis
		
Director
	
February	19,	2019
				Ira	Ehrenpreis
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Lawrence	J.	Ellison
		
Director
	
February	19,	2019
				Lawrence	J.	Ellison
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Antonio	J.	Gracias
		
Director
	
February	19,	2019
				Antonio	J.	Gracias
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	James	Murdoch
		
Director
	
February	19,	2019
				James	Murdoch
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Kimbal	Musk
		
Director
	
February	19,	2019
				Kimbal	Musk
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Linda	Johnson	Rice
		
Director
	
February	19,	2019
				Linda	Johnson	Rice
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
/s/	Kathleen	Wilson-Thompson
		
Director
	
February	19,	2019
				Kathleen	Wilson-Thompson
		
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
Director
	
	
				Stephen	T.	Jurvetson
		
	
	
	
	
173
Exhibit	10.41
TENTH	AMENDMENT	TO	CREDIT	AGREEMENT
TENTH	AMENDMENT	TO	CREDIT	AGREEMENT	(this	“
Amendment
”),	dated	as	of	December	10,	2018,	in	respect	of	the
ABL	Credit	Agreement,	dated	as	of	June	10,	2015	(as	amended,	supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	prior	to	the	date	hereof,	the
“
Credit	Agreement
”),	among	Tesla,	Inc.	(the	“
Company
”,	and	together	with	each	Wholly-Owned	Domestic	Subsidiary	of	the
Company	that	becomes	a	U.S.	Borrower	pursuant	to	the	terms	of	the	Credit	Agreement,	collectively,	the	“
U.S.	Borrowers
”),	Tesla
Motors	Netherlands	B.V.	(“
Tesla	B.V.
”,	and	together	with	each	Wholly-Owned	Dutch	Subsidiary	of	Tesla	B.V.	that	becomes	a	Dutch
Borrower	pursuant	to	the	terms	of	the	Credit	Agreement,	collectively,	the	“
Dutch	Borrowers
”;	and	the	Dutch	Borrowers,	together
with	the	U.S.	Borrowers,	collectively,	the	“
Borrowers
”),	the	lenders	from	time	to	time	party	thereto	(the	“
Lenders
”),	Deutsche	Bank
AG	New	York	Branch,	as	administrative	agent	and	collateral	agent	(in	such	capacities,	the	“
Administrative	Agent
”)	and	as	Collateral
Agent,	and	the	other	agents	party	thereto.
RECITALS:
WHEREAS,	the	Company	has	requested	an	amendment	to	the	Credit	Agreement;
WHEREAS,	pursuant	to	Section	13.12	of	the	Credit	Agreement,	the	Credit	Agreement	may	be	amended	with	the	written
consent	of	the	Required	Lenders	and	each	Credit	Party	thereto;	and
WHEREAS,	the	parties	now	wish	to	amend	the	Credit	Agreement	in	certain	respects.
AGREEMENT:
NOW,	THEREFORE,	in	consideration	of	the	premises	and	mutual	covenants	contained	herein,	the	parties	hereto	agree	as
follows:Section	1.
Defined	Terms.		
Unless	otherwise	specifically	defined	herein,	each	term	used	herein	(including	in	the
recitals	above)	has	the	meaning	assigned	to	such	term	in	the	Credit	Agreement.
Section	2.
Amendments	to	Credit	Agreement.
(a)
Amendment	to	Section	1.01	of	the	Credit	Agreement
.		The	following	defined	terms	shall	be	inserted
into	Section	1.01	of	the	Credit	Agreement	in	appropriate	alphabetical	order:
“
Attributes	Buyer
”	shall	mean	that	Person	separately	identified	in	writing	by	the	Company	to	the
Administrative	Agent.
“
Energy	Environmental	Attribute
”	shall	mean	any	credit,	benefit,	reduction,	offset	or	allowance	(such	as	so-
called	renewable	energy	certificates,	green	tags,	green	certificates,	and	renewable	energy	credits),	howsoever
entitled	or	named,	resulting	from,	attributable	to	or	associated	with	the	storage	or	generation	of	energy,	other
than	the	actual	electric	energy	produced,	and	that	is	capable	of	being	measured,	verified	or	calculated	and	in
any	case	may	be	lawfully	marketed	to	third	parties.		By	way	of	illustration,	Energy	Environmental	Attributes
may	result	from:		the	generation	system’s	use	of	a	particular	renewable	energy	source;	avoided	NOx,	SOx,	CO2
or	greenhouse	gas	emissions	and	other	carbon	credits	and	offsets;	avoided	water	use	or	as	otherwise	specified
under	any	applicable	energy-related	private	or	governmental	program.		Notwithstanding	any	of	the	foregoing
in	this	definition	or	any	other	provision	of	the	Tenth	Amendment	or	the	Credit	Agreement,	Energy
Environmental	Attributes	shall	not	in	any	case	include:	(i)	any	of	the	foregoing
	obtained	by,	provided	to,	used	by	or	necessary	for	the	Company	or	any	of	its	Subsidiaries	to	conduct	any	of	its
operations	at	any	location	(and	shall	not	include	any	water	rights	or	other	rights	or	credits	obtained	pursuant
to	requirements	of	applicable	law	in	order	to	site	and	develop	any	facility);	or	(ii)	any	production	tax	credits.
	
“
Environmental	Attribute
”	shall	mean	an	Energy	Environmental	Attribute	or	a	Vehicle	Environmental	Attribute.
	
“
Tenth	Amendment
”	shall	mean	that	certain	Tenth	Amendment,	dated	as	of	December	10,	2018,	among	the
Company,	Tesla	B.V.,	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Lenders	party	thereto.
	
“
Tenth	Amendment	Effective	Date
”	shall	mean	December	10,	2018.
“
Used	Motor	Vehicles
”	shall	mean	all	Used	motor	vehicles	owned	by	the	Company	or	any	of	its	Subsidiaries.
“
Vehicle	Environmental	Attribute
”	shall	mean	any	credit,	benefit,	reduction,	offset	or	allowance,	howsoever
entitled	or	named,	relating	to	the	emissions	or	environmental	impacts	that	result	from,	are	attributable	to,	or
are	associated	with	a	vehicle,	a	vehicle’s	use,	or	a	vehicle	charging	station	that	is	capable	of	being	measured,
verified	or	calculated	and	in	any	case	may	be	lawfully	marketed	to	third	parties.		By	way	of	illustration,	Vehicle
Environmental	Attributes	may	result	from:	new	energy	vehicles;	zero	emission	vehicles;	fuel	economy;	avoided
criteria	air	pollutants,	CO2	or	greenhouse	gas	emissions;	low	carbon,	renewable	or	clean	fuel;	and	other	credits
and	offsets	defined	under	any	applicable	vehicle	and	charging-related	private	or	governmental	program,
including,	without	limitation,	the	following	credits:	California	LEV	III	NMOG	+	NOx,	US	CAFE,	US	GHG,	US
Tier	3	NMOG	+	NOx,	Canada	GHG,	Quebec	ZEV,	EU	CO2	Pooling,	and	Switzerland	GHG
Credits.		Notwithstanding	any	of	the	foregoing	in	this	definition	or	any	other	provision	of	the	Tenth	Amendment
or	the	Credit	Agreement,	Vehicle	Environmental	Attributes	shall	not	include:	(i)	any	of	the	foregoing	obtained
by,	provided	to,	used	by	or	necessary	for	the	Company	or	any	of	its	Subsidiaries	to	conduct	any	of	its	operations
at	any	location;	or	(ii)	any	automotive	tax	credits.
(b)
Amendment	to	the	definition	of	Capitalized	Lease	Obligation
.		The	definition	of	“Capitalized	Lease
Obligation”	in	Section	1.01	of	the	Credit	Agreement	shall	be	amended	and	restated	in	its	entirety	to	read	as	follows:
“
Capitalized	Lease	Obligations
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Person,	all	rental	obligations	of	such	Person
which,	under	GAAP,	are	or	will	be	required	to	be	capitalized	on	the	books	of	such	Person,	in	each	case	taken	at
the	amount	thereof	accounted	for	as	indebtedness	in	accordance	with	such	principles;	provided	that
Capitalized	Lease	Obligations	shall	not	include	(i)	any	obligations	in	respect	of	leases	that	would	be	treated	as
operating	leases	in	accordance	with	GAAP	as	in	effect	on	the	Tenth	Amendment	Effective	Date	and	(ii)	any
obligations	in	respect	of	operating	leases	that	are	capitalized	as	a	result	build-to-suit	lease	accounting	rules.
(c)
Amendment	to	Section	10.01	of	the	Credit	Agreement.	
Section	10.01	of	the	Credit	Agreement	shall	be
amended	by	(i)	deleting	“and”	at	the	end	of	clause	(dd)	thereof,	(ii)	replacing	“.”	at	the	end	of	clause	(ee)	thereof	with	“;”	and	(iii)
adding	the	following	new	clauses	(ff)	and	(gg)	at	the	end	thereof:
	“(ff)
Liens	on	Used	Vehicles	and	related	assets	(such	as	documents	of	title	in	respect	thereof,	that	in	the
reasonable	opinion	of	the	Company	are	customary	for	financing	transactions	related	to	such	assets),	in	each
case	securing	Indebtedness	permitted	by	Section	10.04(z);	and
	
(gg)
Liens	of	the	Attributes	Buyer	or	any	of	its	Affiliates	on	Environmental	Attributes	and	their	related
intangible	rights	in	connection	with	the	sale	of	such	Environmental	Attributes	to	the	Attributes	Buyer	or	any	of
its	Affiliates.”
	
(d)
Amendment	to	Section	10.04	of	the	Credit	Agreement
.		Section	10.04	of	the	Credit	Agreement	shall	be
amended	by	(i)	deleting	“and”	at	the	end	of	clause	(x)	thereof,	(ii)	replacing	“.”	at	the	end	of	clause	(y)	thereof	with	“;	and”	and	(iii)
adding	the	following	new	clause	(z)	at	the	end	thereof:
“(z)
Indebtedness	of	the	Company	or	any	of	its	Subsidiaries	secured	by	a	Lien	on	Used	Motor	Vehicles	and
related	assets;	
provided
,	that	such	Indebtedness	shall	not	be	secured	by	any	assets	other	than	Used	Motor
Vehicles	and	other	related	assets,	such	as	documents	of	title	in	respect	thereof,	that	in	the	reasonable	opinion
of	the	Company	are	customary	for	financing	transactions	related	to	such	assets;	provided	further	that	the
aggregate	amount	of	Indebtedness	outstanding	at	any	time	pursuant	to	this	clause	(z)	shall	not	exceed
$200,000,000.”
	
(e)
Amendment	to	Section	10.09	of	the	Credit	Agreement
.		Section	10.09	of	the	Credit	Agreement	shall	be
amended	by	(i)	replacing	“or	(ee)”	in	clause	(viii)	thereof	with	“,	(ee),	(ff)	or	(gg)”,	and	(ii)	replacing	“or	10.04(x)”	in	clause	(ix)(B)
each	time	it	appears	therein	with	“,	10.04(x)	or	10.04(z)”.
	
Section	3.
Conditions.	
This	Amendment	shall	become	effective	on	the	date	on	which	the	following	conditions
precedent	have	been	satisfied	or	waived	(the	date	on	which	such	conditions	shall	have	been	so	satisfied	or	waived,	the	“
Amendment
Effective	Date
”):
(a)
The	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	received	a	counterpart	of	this	Amendment,	executed	and
delivered	by	the	Credit	Parties,	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Required	Lenders.
(b)
	Each	of	the	representations	and	warranties	made	by	the	Credit	Parties	in	or	pursuant	to	the	Credit
Agreement	or	in	or	pursuant	to	the	other	Credit	Documents	shall	be	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	(except	that	any
representation	and	warranty	that	is	qualified	or	subject	to	“materiality”,	“Material	Adverse	Effect”	or	similar	language	shall	be	true
and	correct	in	all	respects)	on	and	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	as	if	made	on	and	as	of	such	date	except	for	such
representations	and	warranties	expressly	stated	to	be	made	as	of	an	earlier	date	(in	which	case	such	representations	and
warranties	shall	be	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	as	of	such	earlier	date).
(c)
No	Default	or	Event	of	Default	shall	exist	on	the	Amendment	Effective	Date.
(d)
The	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	received	an	officer’s	certificate	from	an	Authorized	Officer	of	the
Company	and	dated	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date,	certifying	that	each	condition	set	forth	in	Sections	3(b)	and	(c)	hereof
have	been	satisfied	on	and	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date.
Section	4.
Representations	and	Warranties,	etc
.		The	Borrowers	hereby	confirm,	reaffirm	and	restate	that	each	of
the	representations	and	warranties	made	by	any	Credit	Party	in	the	Credit	Documents	is	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	on
and	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	(it	being	understood	and	agreed	that	(x)	any	representation	or	warranty	which	by	its	terms
is	made	as	of	a	specified	date	shall	be
	required	to	be	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	only	as	of	such	specified	date	and	(y)	any	representation	or	warranty	that	is
qualified	by	“materiality”,	“Material	Adverse	Effect”	or	similar	language	shall	be	true	and	correct	in	all	respects).		The	Borrowers
represent	and	warrant	that,	immediately	after	giving	effect	to	the	occurrence	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date,	no	Default	or	Event
of	Default	has	occurred	and	is	continuing.		The	Borrowers	represent	and	warrant	that	each	Credit	Party	(i)	has	the	Business	power
and	authority	to	execute,	deliver	and	perform	the	terms	and	provisions	of	this	Amendment	and	has	taken	all	necessary	Business
action	to	authorize	the	execution,	delivery	and	performance	by	such	Credit	Party	thereof	and	(ii)	has	duly	executed	and	delivered
this	Amendment,	and	that	this	Amendment	constitutes	a	legal,	valid	and	binding	obligation	of	the	Borrowers	enforceable	against
each	Borrower	in	accordance	with	its	terms,	except	as	enforceability	may	be	limited	by	applicable	bankruptcy,	insolvency,
reorganization,	moratorium	or	similar	laws	affecting	the	enforcement	of	creditors’	rights	generally	and	by	general	equitable
principles	(whether	enforcement	is	sought	by	proceedings	in	equity	or	at	law).
Section	5.
Reaffirmation
.	Each	Guarantor	and	each	Credit	Party	hereby	agrees	that	(i)	all	of	its	Obligations	under
the	Credit	Documents	shall	remain	in	full	force	and	effect	on	a	continuous	basis	after	giving	effect	to	this	Amendment	and	(ii)	each
Credit	Document	is	ratified	and	affirmed	in	all	respects.
Section	6.
	
Vehicle	Environmental	Attributes	not	Collateral
.		Each	Lender	acknowledges	and	agrees	that
notwithstanding	any	provision	of	this	Agreement	or	any	Security	Document,	Vehicle	Environmental	Attributes	and	their	related
intangible	rights	are	not	General	Intangibles	relating	to	Inventory	and	therefore	do	not	constitute	Collateral.
Section	7.
Governing	Law.	
This	Amendment	and	the	rights	of	the	parties	hereunder	shall	be	governed	by	and
construed	in	accordance	with	the	laws	of	the	State	of	New	York	(without	regard	to	conflicts	of	law	principles	that	would	result	in
the	application	of	any	law	other	than	the	law	of	the	State	of	New	York).
Section	8.
Effect	of	This	Amendment.	
Except	as	expressly	set	forth	herein,	this	Amendment	shall	not	by	implication
or	otherwise	limit,	impair,	constitute	a	waiver	of	or	otherwise	affect	the	rights	and	remedies	of	any	Lender	or	Agent	under	the
Credit	Agreement	or	any	other	Credit	Document,	and	shall	not	alter,	modify,	amend	or	in	any	way	affect	any	of	the	terms,
conditions,	obligations,	covenants	or	agreements	contained	in	the	Credit	Agreement	or	any	other	Credit	Document,	all	of	which	are
ratified	and	affirmed	in	all	respects	and	shall	continue	in	full	force	and	effect.		Nothing	herein	shall	be	deemed	to	entitle	any	party
to	a	consent	to,	or	a	waiver,	amendment,	modification	or	other	change	of,	any	of	the	terms,	conditions,	obligations,	covenants	or
agreements	contained	in	the	Credit	Agreement	or	any	other	Credit	Document	in	similar	or	different	circumstances.		
Section	9.
Counterparts.	
This	Amendment	may	be	signed	in	any	number	of	counterparts,	each	of	which	shall	be	an
original,	with	the	same	effect	as	if	the	signatures	thereto	and	hereto	were	upon	the	same	instrument.		Delivery	of	an	executed
signature	page	of	this	Amendment	by	facsimile	transmission	or	electronic	transmission	(e.g.,	“pdf”	or	“tif”)	shall	be	effective	as
delivery	of	a	manually	executed	counterpart	hereof.
Section	10.
Miscellaneous.	
This	Amendment	shall	constitute	a	Credit	Document	for	all	purposes	of	the	Credit
Agreement.	The	Borrowers	shall	pay	all	reasonable	fees,	costs	and	expenses	of	the	Administrative	Agent	incurred	in	connection
with	the	negotiation,	preparation	and	execution	of	this	Amendment	and	the	transactions	contemplated	hereby.
[
remainder	of	page	intentionally	left	blank
]
		
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	parties	hereto	have	caused	this	
Amendment
	to	be	duly	executed	as	of	the	date	first	above
written.
	
TESLA,	INC.
	
By:
	
/s/	Yaron	Klein
Name:
	
Yaron	Klein
Title:
	
Treasurer
	
	
TESLA	MOTORS	NETHERLANDS	B.V.
	
By:
	
/s/	Marc	Cerda
Name:
	
Marc	Cerda
Title:
	
Managing	Director
	
	
	
[Tenth	Amendment	–	Signature	Page]
		
	
DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG	NEW	YORK	BRANCH
,	
as
Administrative	Agent,	Collateral	Agent,	Swingline	Lender
and	a	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Maria	Guinchard
Name:
	
Maria	Guinchard
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
By:
	
/s/	Marguerite	Sutton
Name:
	
Marguerite	Sutton
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
	
	
[Tenth	Amendment	–	Signature	Page]
		
	
Goldman	Sachs	Bank	USA,	as	a	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Jamie	Minieri
Name:
	
Jamie	Minieri
Title:
	
Authorized	Signatory
	
	
[Tenth	Amendment	–	Signature	Page]
		
	
BARCLAYS	BANK	PLC,	as	a	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Komal	Ramkirath
Name:
	
Komal	Ramkirath
Title:
	
Assistant	Vice	President
	
	
[Tenth	Amendment	–	Signature	Page]
		
	
CITIBANK,	N.A.,	as	a	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	David	L.	Smith
Name:
	
David	L.	Smith
Title:
	
Vice	President	and	Director
	
	
[Tenth	Amendment	–	Signature	Page]
		
	
Morgan	Stanley	Bank,	N.A.,	as	a	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Emanuel	Ma
Name:
	
Emanuel	Ma
Title:
	
Authorized	Signatory
	
	
[Tenth	Amendment	–	Signature	Page]
		
	
Morgan	Stanley	Senior	Funding,	Inc.,	as	a	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Emanuel	Ma
Name:
	
Emanuel	Ma
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
	
[Tenth	Amendment	–	Signature	Page]
		
	
ROYAL	BANK	OF	CANADA,	as	a	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Benjamin	Lennon
Name:
	
Benjamin	Lennon
Title:
	
Authorized	Signatory
	
	
[Tenth	Amendment	–	Signature	Page]
		
	
Bank	of	America,	N.A.,	as	an	Issuing	Lender	and	a	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	James	Fallahay
Name:
	
James	Fallahay
Title:
	
Senior	Vice	President
	
	
[Tenth	Amendment	–	Signature	Page]
		
	
SOCIETE	GENERALE,	as	a	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	John	Hogan
Name:
	
John	Hogan
Title:
	
Direector
	
	
[Tenth	Amendment	–	Signature	Page]
		
	
Wells	Fargo	Bank,	N.A.,	as	a	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Jake	Elliott
Name:
	
Jake	Elliott
Title:
	
Authorized	Signatory
	
[Tenth	Amendment	–	Signature	Page]
	
Exhibit	10.48
Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
AMENDMENT	NO.	5
TO
AMENDED	AND	RESTATED
LOAN	AND	SECURITY	AGREEMENT
THIS	AMENDMENT	NO.	5	TO	AMENDED	AND	RESTATED	LOAN	AND	SECURITY	AGREEMENT	(this
“
Amendment
”),	dated	as	of	December	27,	2018,	is	entered	into	by	and	among	TESLA	2014	WAREHOUSE	SPV	LLC,	a
Delaware	limited	liability	company	(the	“
Borrower
”),	TESLA	FINANCE	LLC,	a	Delaware	limited	liability	company	(“
TFL
”),
the	Lenders	party	hereto,	the	Group	Agents	party	hereto,	DEUTSCHE	BANK	TRUST	COMPANY	AMERICAS,	a	New	York
banking	corporation,	as	paying	agent	(the	“
Paying	Agent
”)	and	DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH,	as
administrative	agent	(in	such	capacity,	the	“
Administrative	Agent
”)	and	is	made	in	respect	of	the	Amended	and	Restated
Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2017,	as	amended	on	October	18,	2017,	as	further	amended	on
March	23,	2018,	as	further	amended	on	May	4,	2018,	as	further	amended	on	August	16,	2018	(the	“
Loan	Agreement
”)
among	the	Borrower,	TFL,	the	Lenders	party	thereto,	the	Group	Agents	party	thereto,	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the
Paying	Agent.		Defined	terms	used	herein	and	not	otherwise	defined	herein	shall	have	the	respective	meanings	given	to
them	in	the	Loan	Agreement	as	amended	hereby.
WHEREAS,	the	Borrower,	the	Lenders,	the	Group	Agents,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	have
agreed	to	amend	the	Loan	Agreement	on	the	terms	and	conditions	set	forth	herein;
NOW,	THEREFORE,	in	consideration	of	the	premises	set	forth	above,	and	for	other	good	and	valuable
consideration,	the	receipt	and	sufficiency	of	which	are	hereby	acknowledged,	the	Borrower,	the	Lenders,	the	Group	Agents,
the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	agree	as	follows:
1.
Amendments	to	Loan	Agreement
.		Effective	as	of	the	Amendment	Effective	Date	(as	defined	below)	and
subject	to	the	satisfaction	of	the	conditions	precedent	set	forth	in	
Section	2
	hereof:
(a)
Section	1.01	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	in	its	entirety	the	following
definitions	(i)	“Finco	Administrative	Agent”,	(ii)	“Finco	Borrower”,	(iii)“Finco	Commitment”,	(iv)“Finco	Facility	Limit”,	(v)
“Finco	Group	Agent”,	(vi)	“Finco	Lender”,	(vii)	“Finco	Loan”	(viii)	“Finco	Loan	Balance”,	(ix)	“Finco	Paying	Agent”,	(x)
“Finco	Transaction	Documents”	and	(xi)	“Finco	Warehouse	Agreement”.
(b)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	adding	the	following	definitions
thereto	in	the	appropriate	alphabetical	order:
“
2018	Administrative	Agent
”	shall	mean	the	“Administrative	Agent,”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the	2018
Warehouse	Agreement.
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
2018	Borrower
”	shall	mean	LML	2018	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC.
“
2018	Borrower	Default
”	shall	mean	the	occurrence	of	any	“Event	of	Default”,	as	such	term	is	defined	in
the	2018	Warehouse	Agreement.
“
2018	Facility	Limit
”	shall	mean	the	“Facility	Limit,”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the	2018	Warehouse
Agreement.
“
2018	Group	Agent
”	shall	mean	a	“Group	Agent,”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the	2018	Warehouse
Agreement.
“
2018	Loan	Balance
”	shall	mean	the	“Loan	Balance,”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the	2018	Warehouse
Agreement.
“
2018	Paying	Agent
”	shall	mean	the	“Paying	Agent,”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the	2018	Warehouse
Agreement.
“
2018	Transaction	Documents
”	shall	mean	the	“Transaction	Documents,”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the
2018	Warehouse	Agreement.
“
2018	Warehouse	Agreement
”	shall	mean	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of	December	27,
2018,	among	the	2018	Borrower,	TFL,	the	2018	Administrative	Agent	and	the	lenders	and	group	agents	party	thereto,	as
the	same	may	be	amended	from	time	to	time.
(c)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	amending	the	definition	of
“Retention	Requirements”	to	read	as	follows:
“
Retention	Requirements
”	shall	mean	each	of:	(a)	Article	405	of	the	CRR,	together	with	(i)	the
Commission	Delegated	Regulation	(EU)	625/2014	of	13	March	2014	and	any	regulatory	technical	standards,	implementing
technical	standards	or	related	documents	published	by	the	European	Banking	Authority,	European	Central	Bank	(or	any
other	successor	or	replacement	agency	or	authority)	and	any	delegated	regulations	of	the	European	Commission;	and	(ii)	to
the	extent	informing	the	interpretation	of	Article	405	of	the	CRR,	the	guidelines	and	related	documents	previously
published	in	relation	to	the	preceding	European	Union	risk	retention	legislation	by	the	European	Banking	Authority	(and/or
its	predecessor,	the	Committee	of	European	Banking	Supervisors);	(b)	Article	17	of	the	AIFMD,	as	supplemented	by	Article
51	of	the	AIFM	Regulation;	(c)	Article	254	Commission	Delegated	Regulation	(EU)	2015/35	(the	Solvency	II	Regulation),	(d)
in	relation	to	each	of	the	foregoing,	any	guidance	published	in	relation	thereto	and	any	implementing	laws	or	regulations	in
force	in	any	Member	State	of	the	European	Union	and	(e)	in	each	case,	any	law	or	regulation	superseding	or	replacing	such
requirements	(or	regulatory	guidance	published	in	relation	thereto).
(d)
Section	1.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	amending	the	definition	of
“Transaction	Documents”	to	read	as	follows:
“
Transaction	Documents
”	shall	mean	the	Trust	Agreement,	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Supplement,	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement,	the	[***]	Subservicing	Agreement,	the	eVault	Letter	Agreement,	the	Warehouse
SUBI	Sale	Agreement,	this	Agreement,	the	Collateral
2
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Agency	and	Security	Agreement,
	the	Fee	Letter,	each	Loan	Request,	each	Settlement	Statement,	each	Notice	of	Warehouse
SUBI	Lease	Allocation,	each	Interest	Rate	Hedge	and	each	other	agreement,	report,	certificate	or	other	document
delivered	by	any	Tesla	Party,	Tesla,	Inc.	or	TFL	pursuant	to	or	in	connection	with	this	Agreement.		For	the	avoidance	of
doubt,	
the	2018	Transaction	Documents
	
shall	not	constitute	Transaction	Documents	under	this	Agreement.
(e)
Section	2.11(a)
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by:
(i)
Deleting	the	lead-in	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	lead-in	reading	in
its	entirety	as	follows:
“So	long	as	no	Default	or	Event	of	Default	shall	have	occurred	and	be	continuing,	TFL	may,	at
the	written	directions	of	the	Borrower	and	,	the	2018	Borrower,	increase	the	Maximum	Facility
Limit	subject	to	the	following	terms	and	conditions:”
(ii)
Deleting	clause(i)	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	
clause	(i)
	reading
in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“(i)
TFL	shall	send	a	written	notice	(such	notice,	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Notice
”)	to
the	Administrative	Agent	(who	shall	forward	the	same	to	the	Group	Agents)	and	the	2018
Administrative	Agent,	which	notice	shall	specify:
(A)
the	amount	by	which	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	is	proposed	to	be	increased	(the
“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Amount
”);
(B)
the	date	on	which	such	increase	is	proposed	to	occur	(the	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit
Increase	Date
”),	which	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Date	shall	be	not	less	than	thirty	(30)	days	after
the	date	of	such	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Notice;	and
(C)
the	amount	of	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Amount	to	be	allocated	to	the
Facility	Limit	and	the	2018	Facility	Limit.”
(f)
Section	2.11(b)
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	
Section	2.11(b)
	in	its
entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	
Section	2.11(b)
	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“(b)
TFL	may,	at	the	written	directions	of	the	Borrower	and	the	2018	Borrower,	reduce	the
Maximum	Facility	Limit	subject	to	the	following	terms	and	conditions:
(i)
TFL	shall	send	a	written	notice	(such	notice,	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction
Notice
”)	signed	by	an	Authorized	Signatory	to	the	Administrative	Agent	(who	shall	forward	the	same	to
the	Group	Agents)	and	the	2018	Administrative	Agent,	which	notice	shall	specify:
3
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(A)
the	amount	by	which	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	is	proposed	to	be	reduced
(the	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Amount
”)
;	
provided
	that,	the	resulting	Maximum
Facility	Limit	after	taking	into	account	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction
	Amount	shall	not
be	less	than	the	sum	of	the	Loan	Balance	and	the	
2018
	
Loan	Balance	on	the	Maximum	Facility
Limit	Reduction	Date;
(B)
the	date	on	which	such	reduction	is	proposed	to	occur	(the	“
Maximum
Facility	Limit	Reduction	Date
”),	which	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Date	shall	be	not	less
than	five	(5)	Business	Days	after	the	date	of	such	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Notice;
and
(C)
the	amount	of	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Amount	that	shall
reduce	the	Facility	Limit	and	the	2018	Facility	Limit,	respectively,	
provided
	that	the	Facility
Limit	shall	not	be	less	than	the	Loan	Balance	on	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Date.
(ii)
On	each	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Date,	the	Facility	Limit	will	be	reduced	by
the	amount	specified	in	the	related	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Notice	and	each	such	reduction
shall	reduce	each	Lender’s	Commitment	by	its	ratable	share	(based	on	the	Commitments	of	the	Lenders)
of	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Amount.
(iii)
No	reduction	in	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	shall	occur	if	after	giving	effect	to	such
reduction	and	any	repayments	of	the	Loan	Balance,	the	Facility	Limit	will	be	less	than	the	Loan	Balance.
(iv)
On	each	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Date,	the	Administrative	Agent	shall
update	its	books	and	records	to	reflect	the	updated	Maximum	Facility	Limit,	Facility	Limit	and
Commitment	of	each	Lender.”
(g)
Section	2.12
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	
Section	2.12
	in	its	entirety
and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	
Section	2.12	
reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“(a)
TFL	may	from	time	to	time,	at	the	written	directions	of	the	Borrower	and	the	2018	Borrower,
reallocate	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	between	the	Facility	Limit	and	the	2018	Facility	Limit	subject	to
the	following	terms	and	conditions:
(i)
TFL	shall	send	a	written	notice	(such	notice,	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Notice
”)
to	the	Administrative	Agent	(who	shall	forward	the	same	to	the	Group	Agents)	and	the	2018	Administrative
Agent	(who	shall	forward	the	same	to	the	2018	Group	Agents),	which	notice	shall	specify:
(A)
the	amount	of	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	that	is	to	be	allocated	to	the	Facility	Limit
and	the	amount	of	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	that	is	to	be	allocated	to	the	2018	Facility	Limit;	
provided
that,	the	sum	of	the	Facility	Limit	and	the	2018	Facility	Limit	shall	be	equal	to	the	Maximum	Facility
Limit	on	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Date	(as	defined	below);	and	
provided
,
4
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
further
,	that	the	Facility	Limit	shall	not	be	less	than	the	Loan	Balance	and	the	
2018	
Facility	Limit	shall
not	be	less	than	the	
2018	
Loan	Balance
;	and
(B)
the	date	on	which	such	reallocation	is	proposed	to	occur	(the	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit
Reallocation	Date
”),	which	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Date	shall	be	not	less	than	ten	(10)
Business	Days	after	the	date	of	such	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Notice.
(ii)
On	each	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Date,	the	Facility	Limit,	and/or	the	2018
Facility	Limit	will	be	increased	or	decreased,	as	applicable,	by	the	amount	specified	in	the	related	Maximum
Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Notice.
(iii)
No	reduction	in	the	Facility	Limit	shall	occur	in	connection	with	the	reallocation	of	the
Maximum	Facility	Limit	if	after	giving	effect	to	such	reduction	and	any	repayments	of	the	Loan	Balance,	the
Facility	Limit	will	be	less	than	the	Loan	Balance.	On	each	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Date,	the
Administrative	Agent	shall	update	its	books	and	records	to	reflect	the	updated	Maximum	Facility	Limit,
Facility	Limit	and	Commitment	of	each	Lender..
(iv)
Except	as	provided	in	
Section	2.12(b)
,	TFL	may	not	reallocate	any	portion	of	the	2018
Facility	Limit	to	the	Facility	Limit	without	the	prior	written	consent	of	all	Group	Agents.
(b)
In	addition,	on	the	Recommenced	Borrowing	Date	and	on	each	Payment	Date	occurring
after	the	Recommenced	Borrowing	Date,	the	excess	of	the	2018	Facility	Limit	over	the	aggregate
principal	amount	of	the	2018	Loan	Balance	shall	automatically	be	reallocated	from	the	2018	Facility
Limit	to	the	Facility	Limit.
(h)
Section	9.01
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	last	sentence	of	
Section
9.01
	in	its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	last	sentence	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“The	Administrative	Agent	shall	at	all	times	also	be	the	2018	Administrative	Agent.”
(i)
Section	9.11(a)(i)
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	
Section	9.11(a)(i)
	in	its
entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	
Section	9.11(a)(i)
	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“(i)
The	Administrative	Agent	may,	upon	at	least	thirty	(30)	days’	notice	to	the	Borrower,	the
Servicer	and	each	Group	Agent,	resign	as	Administrative	Agent;	provided	it	also	resigns	as	the	2018
Administrative	Agent.		Except	as	provided	below,	such	resignation	shall	not	become	effective	until	a	successor
Administrative	Agent	is	appointed	by	the	Group	Agents	as	a	successor	Administrative	Agent	and	as	a	successor
2018	Administrative	Agent	and	has	accepted	such	appointment.		If	no	successor	Administrative	Agent	shall	have
been	so	appointed	by	the	Group	Agents,	within	thirty	(30)	days	after	the	departing	Administrative	Agent’s	giving
of	notice	of	resignation,	the	departing	Administrative	Agent	may,	on	behalf	of	the	Secured	Parties,	appoint	a
successor	Administrative	Agent.		If	no	successor	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	been	so	appointed	by	the	Group
Agents	within
5
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
sixty	(60)	days	after	the	departing	Administrative	Agent’s	giving	of	notice	of	resignation,	the	departing
Administrative	Agent	may,	on	behalf	of	the	Group	Agents,	petition	a	court	of	competent	jurisdiction	to	appoint	a
successor	Administrative	Agent,	which	successor	Administrative	Agent	shall	be	either	(i)	a	commercial	bank
having	a	combined	capital	and	surplus	of	at	least	$250,000,000	and	short-term	debt	ratings	of	at	least	“A-1”	from
S&P	and	“P-1”	from	Moody’s	or	(ii)	an	Affiliate	of	such	an	institution,	and	in	either	case	shall	also	be	the	
2018
Administrative	Agent.
(j)
Section	9.11(b)(iv)
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	
Section	9.11(b)(iv)
	in
its	entirety	and	inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	
Section	9.11(b)(iv)
	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“(
iv
)
Any	successor	Paying	Agent	hereunder,	if	other	than	the	Borrower,	shall	be	a	bank	or
trust	company	organized	and	doing	business	under	the	laws	of	the	United	States	of	America	or	of	the
State	of	New	York,	in	good	standing,	authorized	under	such	laws	to	exercise	corporate	trust	powers	and
having	a	combined	capital	and	surplus	in	excess	of	US	$250,000,000,	and	in	either	case	shall	also	be	the
2018	Paying	Agent.”
(k)
Section	10.09
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	the	last	sentence	in	its
entirety	and		inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	last	sentence	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“Each	Group	Agent	shall	also	act	in	the	same	role	as	a	group	agent	under	the	2018	Warehouse
Agreement.”
(l)
Section	12.10(j)
	of	the	Loan	Agreement	is	hereby	amended	by	deleting	
Section	12.10(j)
	in	its
entirety	and		inserting	in	lieu	thereof	a	new	
Section	12.10(j)
	reading	in	its	entirety	as	follows:
“(j)
Limitation	on	Assignments	and	Participations
.	Notwithstanding	anything	to	the	contrary
contained	in	the	Transaction	Documents,	none	of	the	Administration	Agent,	any	Group	Agent	or	any
Lender	may	assign	or	participate	all	or	any	portion	of	its	rights	and	obligations	hereunder	unless,
contemporaneous	with	such	assignment	or	participation,	such	Person	makes	a	pro	rata	assignment	or
participation	to	the	same	assignee	or	participant,	as	the	case	may	be,	of	the	same	rights	and
obligations	under	the	2018	Warehouse	Agreement.
”
2.
Conditions	Precedent
.	This	Amendment	shall	become	effective	as	of	the	date	hereof	(the	“
Amendment
Effective	Date
”)	upon	satisfaction	or	waiver	of	the	following	conditions	precedent:
(a)
the	receipt	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	its	counsel	of	counterpart	signature	pages	to	this
Amendment	and	each	other	document	and	certificate	to	be	executed	or	delivered	in	connection	with	this
Amendment;
(b)
no	Default,	Event	of	Default	or	Potential	Servicer	Default	shall	have	occurred	or	be	continuing,
the	Termination	Date	shall	not	have	occurred	and	no	Event	of	Bankruptcy	shall	have	occurred	with	respect	to	TFL
or	Tesla,	Inc.;	and
6
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(c)
the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	shall	have	received	such	other	documents,
instruments	and	agreements	as	the	Administrative	Agent	or	such	Group	Agent	may	have	reasonably	requested.
3.
Representations	and	Warranties	of	the	Borrower
.		The	Borrower	hereby	represents	and	warrants	to	the
Administrative	Agent,	each	Group	Agent	and	each	Lender	as	of	the	date	hereof	that:
(a)
This	Amendment	and	the	Loan	Agreement,	as	amended	hereby,	constitute	the	legal,	valid	and
binding	obligations	of	the	Borrower	and	are	enforceable	against	the	Borrower	in	accordance	with	their	respective
terms,	except	as	such	enforcement	may	be	limited	by	applicable	bankruptcy,	insolvency,	reorganization	or	other
similar	laws	relating	to	or	limiting	creditors’	rights	generally	and	by	general	principles	of	equity	(regardless	of
whether	enforcement	is	sought	in	a	proceeding	in	equity	or	at	law).
(b)
Upon	the	effectiveness	of	this	Amendment,	the	Borrower	hereby	affirms	that	all	representations
and	warranties	made	by	it	in	Article	IV	of	the	Loan	Agreement,	as	amended,	are	correct	in	all	material	respects	on
the	date	hereof	as	though	made	as	of	the	effective	date	of	this	Amendment,	unless	and	to	the	extent	that	any	such
representation	and	warranty	is	stated	to	relate	solely	to	an	earlier	date,	in	which	case	such	representation	and
warranty	shall	have	been	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	as	of	such	earlier	date.
(c)
As	of	the	date	hereof,	no	Default,	Event	of	Default	or	Potential	Servicer	Default	shall	have
occurred	or	be	continuing,	the	Termination	Date	shall	not	have	occurred	and	no	Event	of	Bankruptcy	shall	have
occurred	with	respect	to	TFL	or	Tesla,	Inc.
4.
Reference	to	and	Effect	on	the	Loan	Agreement
.
(a)
Upon	the	effectiveness	of	Section	1	hereof,	each	reference	in	the	Loan	Agreement	to	“this
Agreement”,	“hereunder”,	“hereof”,	“herein”	or	words	of	like	import	shall	mean	and	be	a	reference	to	the	Loan
Agreement	as	amended	hereby.
(b)
The	Loan	Agreement,	as	amended	hereby,	and	all	other	documents,	instruments	and
agreements	executed	and/or	delivered	in	connection	therewith,	shall	remain	in	full	force	and	effect	until	hereafter
terminated	in	accordance	with	their	respective	terms,	and	the	Loan	Agreement	and	such	documents,	instruments
and	agreements	are	hereby	ratified	and	confirmed.
(c)
Except	as	expressly	provided	herein,	the	execution,	delivery	and	effectiveness	of	this
Amendment	shall	not	operate	as	a	waiver	of	any	right,	power	or	remedy	of	the	Administrative	Agent,	any	Agent	or
any	Lender,	nor	constitute	a	waiver	of	any	provision	of	the	Loan	Agreement	or	any	other	documents,	instruments
and	agreements	executed	and/or	delivered	in	connection	therewith.
5.
Costs	and	Expenses
.		The	Borrower	agrees	to	pay	all	reasonable	and	actual	costs,	fees,	and	out‑of‑pocket
expenses	(including	the	reasonable	attorneys’	fees,	costs	and	expenses	of	Morgan,	Lewis	&	Bockius	LLP,	counsel	to	the
Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the
7
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Lenders)	incurred	by	the	Administrative	Agent,	each	Group	Agent
	and	
each	Lender	in	connection	with	the	preparation,
review,	execution	and	enforcement	of	this	Amendment.
6.
Consent	to	Amendment	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement
.	By	execution	of	this	Amendment,	the
Borrower,	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Lenders	hereby	consent	to	Amendment	No.	2	to	Second	Amended	and	Restated
Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement,	dated	the	date	hereof,	among	Tesla	Lease	Trust,	TFL,	as	Servicer,	and	Wells	Fargo
Bank,	National	Association,	as	Back-Up	Servicer.
7.
GOVERNING	LAW
.		THIS	AMENDMENT	SHALL	BE	GOVERNED	BY,	AND	CONSTRUED	IN
ACCORDANCE	WITH,	THE	LAWS	OF	THE	STATE	OF	NEW	YORK	WITHOUT	REFERENCE	TO	ITS	CONFLICTS	OF	LAWS
PROVISIONS	(OTHER	THAN	SECTIONS	5-1401	AND	5-1402	OF	THE	NEW	YORK	GENERAL	OBLIGATIONS	LAW).
8.
Headings
.		Section	headings	in	this	Amendment	are	included	herein	for	convenience	of	reference	only	and
shall	not	constitute	a	part	of	this	Amendment	for	any	other	purpose.
9.
Counterparts
.		This	Amendment	may	be	executed	by	one	or	more	of	the	parties	to	the	Amendment	on	any
number	of	separate	counterparts	and	all	of	said	counterparts	taken	together	shall	be	deemed	to	constitute	one	and	the
same	instrument.		Delivery	of	an	executed	counterpart	of	a	signature	page	to	this	Amendment	by	facsimile	(transmitted	by
telecopier	or	by	email)	shall	be	effective	as	delivery	of	a	manually	executed	counterpart	of	this	Amendment.
	
Remainder	of	page	left	intentionally	blank
8
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	parties	have	caused	this	Amendment	to	be	duly	executed	and	delivered	by	their	duly
authorized	signatories	as	of	the	date	first	above	written.
	
TESLA	2014	WAREHOUSE	SPV	LLC,
as	Borrower
	
By:
	
/s/	Yaron	Klein
Name:
	
Yaron	Klein
Title:
	
Chief	Financial	Officer/Treasurer
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	5	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
DEUTSCHE	BANK	TRUST	COMPANY	AMERICAS,
as	Paying	Agent
	
By:
	
/s/	Rosemary	Cabrera
Name:
	
Rosemary	Cabrera
Title:
	
Associate
	
By:
	
/s/	Diana	Vasconez
Name:
	
Diana	Vasconez
Title:
	
Assistant	Vice	President
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	5	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH,
as	Administrative	Agent,	as	a	Group	Agent	and	as	a
Committed	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Brendon	Girardi
Name:
	
Brendon	Girardi
Title:
	
Director
	
By:
	
/s/	Kevin	Fagan
Name:
	
Kevin	Fagan
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	5	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
CITIBANK,	N.A.,
as	a	Group	Agent	and	as	a	Committed	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:
	
Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
CAFCO,	LLC,
as	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
	
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
By:
	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:
	
Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
CHARTA,	LLC,
as	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
	
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
By:
	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:
	
Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	5	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
CIESCO,	LLC,
as	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
	
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
By:
	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:
	
Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
CRC	FUNDING,	LLC,
as	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
	
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
By:
	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:
	
Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	5	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
ROYAL	BANK	OF	CANADA,
as	a	Group	Agent	and	as	a	Committed	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Thomas	C.	Dean
Name:
	
Thomas	C.	Dean
Title:
	
Authorized	Signatory
	
By:
	
/s/	Lisa	Wang
Name:
	
Lisa	Wang
Title:
	
Authorized	Signatory
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	5	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
CREDIT	SUISSE	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH,
as	a	Group	Agent
	
By:
	
/s/	Patrick	Duggan
Name:
	
Patrick	Duggan
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
By:
	
/s/	Michael	Eaton
Name:
	
Michael	Eaton
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
CREDIT	SUISSE	AG,	CAYMAN	ISLANDS	BRANCH,
as	a	Committed	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Patrick	Duggan
Name:
	
Patrick	Duggan
Title:
	
Authorized	Signatory
	
GIFS	CAPITAL	COMPANY	LLC,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Carey	D.	Fear
Name:
	
Carey	D.	Fear
Title:
	
Authorized	Signer
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	5	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
BARCLAYS	BANK	PLC,
as	a	Group	Agent
	
By:
	
/s/	Chin-Yong	Choe
Name:
	
Chin-Yong	Choe
Title:
	
Director
	
SALISBURY	RECEIVABLES	COMPANY	LLC,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
	
Barclays	Bank	PLC,	as	attorney-in-fact
	
By:
	
/s/	Chin-Yong	Choe
Name:
	
Chin-Yong	Choe
Title:
	
Director
	
Signature	Page	to	Amendment	No.	5	to	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
Exhibit	10.54
Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
PAYOFF	AND	TERMINATION	LETTER
December	28,	2018
LML	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC
c/o	Tesla,	Inc.
6800	Dumbarton	Circle
Fremont,	California	94455
Attention:	Legal,	Finance
	
Ladies	and	Gentlemen:
Reference	is	hereby	made	to	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as	of	August	17,	2017	(as	amended,
restated,	supplemented	or	modified,	the	“
Agreement
”)	among	LML	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC,	a	Delaware	limited	liability
company	(the	“Borrower”),	Tesla	Finance	LLC	(“
TFL
”),	the	Lenders	and	Group	Agents	party	thereto,	Deutsche	Bank	Trust
Company	Americas,	as	paying	agent	(in	such	capacity,	the	“
Paying	Agent
”)	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as
administrative	agent	(in	such	capacity,	the	“
Administrative	Agent
”).		Capitalized	terms	used	and	not	otherwise	defined
herein	are	used	as	defined	in	the	Agreement.
The	Borrower	hereby	notifies	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Lenders	that,	on	December	28,	2018	(the	“
Payoff
Date
”),	it	will	pay	the	outstanding	principal	amount	of	the	Loans	in	full,	together	with	all	accrued	and	unpaid	interest,	fees,
costs,	expenses,	indemnities	and	other	Secured	Obligations	owing	by	the	Borrower	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the
Lenders	under	the	Agreement	and	the	other	Transaction	Documents	(collectively,	the	“
Obligations
”).
The	amount	required	to	reduce	the	Obligations	to	zero	(the	“
Payoff	Amount
”)	at	or	before	5:00	p.m.	(New	York
time)	on	the	Payoff	Date	is	$158,883.34	in	immediately	available	funds.	The	components	of	the	Payoff	Amount	are
described	on	
Schedule	I
	attached	hereto.		On	the	Payoff	Date,	the	Borrower	will	remit	(or	cause	to	be	remitted)	the	Payoff
Amount	to	the	Paying	Agent	for	the	account	of	the	Lenders	by	wire	transfer	of	immediately	available	funds	in	accordance
with	the	wiring	instructions	set	forth	on	
Schedule	I
	attached	hereto.
Upon	receipt	of	the	Payoff	Amount,	the	amounts	specified	on	
Schedule	I
	attached	hereto	shall	be	immediately
applied	to	the	Obligations	in	accordance	with	the	terms	of	the	Agreement	and	the	other	Transaction	Documents.		To	the
extent	any	Transaction	Document	requires	any	prior	notice	as	a	condition	to	the	payment	of	the	Obligations	(or	any	part
thereof)	or	the	application	of	the	Payoff	Amount	to	the	Obligations,	such	requirement	is	hereby	waived.
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Immediately	upon	receipt	of	the	Payoff	Amount	in	full	as	provided	above:	(a)	the	Obligations	under	the
Agreement	and	the	other	Transaction	Documents	shall	be	reduced	to	zero
,	(b)	
the	Commitments	of	the	Lenders	shall
terminate
	
and,	
except	as	set	forth	herein,	none	of	the	
Borrower
,	
any	Lend
er	or	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	any
further	obligations	or	liabilities	under	any	Transaction	Document	to	which	it	is	party	and	the	Transaction	Documents	shall
be	terminated	and	cease	to	be	of	further	force	or	effect;	
provided,	that
	that	obligations	of	the	
Borrower
	
and	any	other	party
to	the	Agreement	
that	expressly	survive	termination	of	the	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document	(including,
without	limitation,	the	indemnification	provisions	of	the	Agreement)	shall	survive	termination	of	the	Agreement	
and
	the
other	Transaction	Documents
	and	(c)	the	Agreement	and	each	other	Transaction	Document	shall	terminate	and	cease	to	be
of	further	force	or	effect
.
In	consideration	of	the	payment	in	full	of	the	Payoff	Amount,
	each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Lender
(each	a	“
Secured	Party
”	and	collectively,	the	“
Secured	Parties
”),	upon	receipt	of	the	Payoff	Amount,	hereby	agrees	that:
(a)
all	security	interests,	liens	or	other	rights	which	each	Secured	Party	may	have	on	or	in	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Assets,	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate,	the	Collections,	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection
Account,	the	Reserve	Account	and	other	Collateral
	under	the	Transaction	Documents	will	be	deemed	to	be
terminated	and	released	and	of	no	further	force	and	effect	(including	“control”	for	purposes	of	the	applicable
UCC	with	respect	to	any	deposit	or	securities	account	that	are	part	of	the	Collateral);
(b)
at	the	
Borrower’s	expense,	the	Borrower	(or	its	designee)	is	authorized	to	file	UCC
termination	statements	and	other	appropriate	documents	to	terminate	the	security	interests,	liens	and	other
rights	on	or	in	the	Collateral	under	the	Transaction	Documents,	and	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	deliver	to	the
Borrower
	all	possessory	collateral	(if	any)	held	by	the	Administrative	Agent	in	accordance	with	the	Transaction
Documents;
(c)	
at	the	
Borrower’s	expense,	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	deliver	to	the	Borrower	other
appropriate	documents	reasonably	requested	in	writing	by	the	Borrower	in	order	to	notify	the	applicable
financial	institutions	of	the	termination	of	the	security	interest	and	control	of	the	Administrative	Agent	in	any
deposit	or	securities	accounts	that	are	part	of	the	Collateral	and	to	otherwise	effectuate	the	release	of	liens
contemplated	herein.
The	Administrative	Agent	and	the	below	undersigned	Lenders	(constituting	100%	beneficial	owners	of	the
Obligations),	hereby	authorize,	direct	and	instruct	each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	to	execute	and
deliver	this	Payoff	Letter,	and	to	take	any	and	all	actions	necessary	to	give	effect	to	the	terms	of	this	Payoff	Letter.
	
2
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	parties	have	caused	this	Payoff	Letter	to	be	duly	executed	by	their	respective
officers	as	of	the	day	and	year	first	above	written.
	
LML	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC
,
as	Borrower
	
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Yaron	Klein
Name:
	
Yaron	Klein
Title:
	
Chief	Financial	Officer/Treasurer
	
Signature	Page	to	Payoff	Letter
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
DEUTSCHE	BANK	TRUST	COMPANY	AMERICAS
,
as	Paying	Agent
	
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Rosemary	Cabrera
Name:
	
Rosemary	Cabrera
Title:
	
Associate
	
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Diana	Vasconez
Name:
	
Diana	Vasconez
Title:
	
Assistant	Vice	President
	
Signature	Page	to	Payoff	Letter
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH
,
as	Administrative	Agent,	a	Group	Agent	and	a
Committed	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Brendon	Girardi
Name:
	
Brendon	Girardi
Title:
	
Director
	
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Kevin	Fagan
Name:
	
Kevin	Fagan
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
Signature	Page	to	Payoff	Letter
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
CITIBANK,	N.A.,
as	Group	Agent	and	as	a	Committed	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:
	
Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
	
	
CAFCO	LLC,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
By:
	
Citibank,	N.A.,
	
	
as	attorney-in	fact
	
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:
	
Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
	
	
CHARTA	LLC,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
	
	
By:
	
Citibank,	N.A.,
	
	
as	attorney-in	fact
	
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:
	
Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
Signature	Page	to	Payoff	Letter
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
CIESCO	LLC,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
	
Citibank,	N.A.,
	
	
as	attorney-in	fact
	
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:
	
Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
	
	
CRC	FUNDING	LLC,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
By:
	
Citibank,	N.A.,
	
	
as	attorney-in	fact
	
By:
	
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
Name:
	
Amy	Jo	Pitts
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
	
	
Signature	Page	to	Payoff	Letter
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
ROYAL	BANK	OF	CANADA,
as	a	Group	Agent	and	as	a	Committed	Lender
	
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Thomas	C.	Dean
Name:
	
Thomas	C.	Dean
Title:
	
Authorized	Signatory
	
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Lisa	Wang
Name:
	
Lisa	Wang
Title:
	
Authorized	Signatory
	
Signature	Page	to	Payoff	Letter
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
CREDIT	SUISSE	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH,
as	a	Group	Agent
	
By:
	
/s/	Patrick	Duggan
Name:
	
Patrick	Duggan
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Michael	Eaton
Name:
	
Michael	Eaton
Title:
	
Vice	President
	
CREDIT	SUISSE	AG,	CAYMAN	ISLANDS	BRANCH,
as	a	Committed	Lender
	
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Patrick	Duggan
Name:
	
Patrick	Duggan
Title:
	
Authorized	Signatory
	
By:
	
/s/	Michael	Eaton
Name:
	
Michael	Eaton
Title:
	
Authorized	Signatory
	
	
	
GIFS	CAPITAL	COMPANY,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Chris	J.	Murray
Name:
	
Chris	J.	Murray
Title:
	
Authorized	Signer
	
	
	
Signature	Page	to	Payoff	Letter
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
BARCLAYS	BANK	PLC,
as	a	Group	Agent	and	a	Committed	Lender
	
By:
	
/s/	Chin-Yong	Choe
Name:
	
Chin-Yong	Choe
Title:
	
Director
	
	
	
SALISBURY	RECEIVABLES	COMPANY	LLC,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
	
	
By:
	
Barclays	Bank	PLC,
	
	
as	attorney-in-fact
	
	
	
By:
	
/s/	Chin-Yong	Choe
Name:
	
Chin-Yong	Choe
Title:
	
Director
	
	
	
Signature	Page	to	Payoff	Letter
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
SCHEDULE	I
	
Payoff	Amount
	
Aggregate	outstanding	principal:
$0.00
Accrued	interest	and	fees	(Unused	Fees):
$158,883.34
Other	costs,	expenses	and	Obligations:
$0.00
TOTAL:
$158,883.34
	
Wire	Instructions
	
[***]
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
EX-10.55	
5	
tsla-ex1055_754.htm	
EX-10.55
Exhibit	10.55
	
Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
	
_____________________________________________________________________
LOAN	AND	SECURITY	AGREEMENT
(Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate)
among
LML	2018	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC,	
as	Borrower,
TESLA	FINANCE	LLC,
THE
	PERSONS	FROM	TIME	TO	TIME	PARTY	HERETO,
as	Lenders	and	as	Group	Agents,
DEUTSCHE	BANK	TRUST	COMPANY	AMERICAS
,	
as	Paying	Agent
and
DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH,
as	Administrative	Agent
	
Dated	as	of	December	27,	2018
_____________________________________________________________________
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
T
ABLE
	
OF
	C
ONTENTS
	
S
ECTION
H
EADING
P
AGE
	
	
ARTICLE	I	DEFINITIONS
1
	
	
	
SECTION	1.01	Certain	Defined	Terms
1
	
SECTION	1.02	Computation	of	Time	Periods
38
	
SECTION	1.03	Interpretive	Provisions
38
	
SECTION	1.04	Acknowledgement	and	Consent	to	Bail-In	of	EEA	Financial	Institutions
39
	
	
ARTICLE	II	THE	FACILITY
39
	
	
	
SECTION	2.01	Loans;	Payments
39
	
SECTION	2.02	Interest;	Breakage	Fees
42
	
SECTION	2.03	Invoices;	Payments
42
	
SECTION	2.04	Deposits;	Distributions
43
	
SECTION	2.05	Payments	and	Computations,	Etc
45
	
SECTION	2.06	Reserve	Account	and	Paying	Agent	Account
45
	
SECTION	2.07	Withdrawals	from	Reserve	Account
46
	
SECTION	2.08	Reports
46
	
SECTION	2.09	Reallocation	and	Repurchase	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets
47
	
SECTION	2.10	Procedures	for	Extension	of	Scheduled	Expiration	Date
49
	
SECTION	2.11	Increase	of	Maximum	Facility	Limit	and	Reduction	of	Maximum	Facility	Limit
49
	
SECTION	2.12	Reallocation	of	Maximum	Facility	Limit
51
	
SECTION	2.13	Optional	Prepayment
52
	
SECTION	2.14	Intended	Tax	Treatment
52
	
	
ARTICLE	III	COLLATERAL	AND	SECURITY	INTEREST
53
	
	
	
SECTION	3.01	Grant	of	Security	Interest;	Collateral
53
	
SECTION	3.02	Protection	of	the	Administrative	Agent’s	Security	Interest
54
	
SECTION	3.03	Termination	of	Security	Interest	and	Release	of	Collateral	under	Certain
Circumstances
55
	
	
ARTICLE	IV	REPRESENTATIONS	AND	WARRANTIES
56
	
	
	
SECTION	4.01	Representations	and	Warranties	of	Borrower
56
	
	
ARTICLE	V	CONDITIONS	PRECEDENT
60
	
	
	
SECTION	5.01	Conditions	to	Closing
60
	
SECTION	5.02	Conditions	to	Loan	Increases
62
	
	
ARTICLE	VI	COVENANTS
64
	
	
	
SECTION	6.01	Covenants	of	the	Borrower
64
	
SECTION	6.02	Negative	Covenants	of	the	Borrower
70
	
SECTION	6.03	Certain	Covenants	of	TFL
72
	
	
-i-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
T
ABLE
	
OF
	C
ONTENTS
	
ARTICLE	VII	SERVICING	AND	COLLECTIONS
73
	
	
	
SECTION	7.01	Maintenance	of	Information	and	Computer	Lease	Documents
73
	
SECTION	7.02	Protection	of	the	Interests	of	the	Secured	Parties
72
	
SECTION	7.03	Maintenance	of	Writings	and	Lease	Documents
74
	
SECTION	7.04	Administration	and	Collections
74
	
	
ARTICLE	VIII	EVENTS	OF	DEFAULT
75
	
	
	
SECTION	8.01	Events	of	Default
75
	
SECTION	8.02	Remedies	Upon	the	Occurrence	of	an	Event	of	Default
77
	
	
ARTICLE	IX	THE	ADMINISTRATIVE	AGENT
79
	
	
ARTICLE	X	THE	GROUP	AGENTS
84
	
	
	
SECTION	10.01	Authorization	and	Action
84
	
SECTION	10.02	Group	Agent’s	Reliance,	Etc
85
	
SECTION	10.03	Group	Agent	and	Affiliates
85
	
SECTION	10.04	Indemnification	of	Group	Agents
85
	
SECTION	10.05	Delegation	of	Duties
85
	
SECTION	10.06	Action	or	Inaction	by	Group	Agent
85
	
SECTION	10.07	Notice	of	Events	of	Default
86
	
SECTION	10.08	Non-Reliance	on	Group	Agent	and	Other	Parties
86
	
SECTION	10.09	Successor	Group	Agent
86
	
SECTION	10.10	Reliance	on	Group	Agent
87
	
	
ARTICLE	XI	INDEMNIFICATION
87
	
	
	
SECTION	11.01	Indemnification
87
	
SECTION	11.02	Tax	Indemnification
89
	
SECTION	11.03	Additional	Costs
92
	
SECTION	11.04	Procedures	for	Indemnification;	Etc
94
	
SECTION	11.05	Other	Costs	and	Expenses
94
	
	
ARTICLE	XII	MISCELLANEOUS
94
	
	
	
SECTION	12.01	Term	of	Agreement
94
	
SECTION	12.02	Waivers;	Amendments
94
	
SECTION	12.03	No	Implied	Waiver;	Cumulative	Remedies
95
	
SECTION	12.04	No	Discharge
96
	
SECTION	12.05	Notices
96
	
SECTION	12.06	Governing	Law;	Submission	to	Jurisdiction
97
	
SECTION	12.07	Integration
97
	
SECTION	12.08	Counterparts;	Severability
97
	
SECTION	12.09	Set-Off
98
	
SECTION	12.10	Successors	and	Assigns
98
	
SECTION	12.11	Confidentiality
101
	
SECTION	12.12	Payments	Set	Aside
102
	
SECTION	12.13	No	Petition
102
	
SECTION	12.14	Characterization	of	the	Transactions	Contemplated	by	this	Agreement
102
-ii-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
T
ABLE
	
OF
	C
ONTENTS
	
	
SECTION	12.15	WAIVER	OF	JURY	TRIAL
102
	
SECTION	12.16	Loans
102
	
SECTION	12.17	TBM,	TFL	or	Tesla,	Inc
103
	
SECTION	12.18	Limitation	on	Consequential,	Indirect	and	Certain	Other	Damages
103
	
SECTION	12.19	Ratable	Payments
103
	
SECTION	12.20	No	Third	Party	Beneficiaries;	Hedge	Counterparties
103
	
SECTION	12.21	Back-Up	Servicing
103
	
SECTION	12.22	Limited	Recourse	Against	Conduit	Lenders
104
	
	
	
Schedule	1
Schedule	of	Litigation
Schedule	2
Schedule	of	Corporate	and	Limited	Liability	Company	Names,	Trade	Names	or	Assumed	Names
Schedule	3
Description	of	Electronic	Lease	Vault
Schedule	4
Ineligible	Assignees
Schedule	5
Insurance	Requirements
Schedule	6
Notice	Addresses
Schedule	7
Credit	and	Collection	Policy
Schedule	8
Commitments	of	Lenders
Schedule	9
Short-Term	Note	Rate
	
	
Exhibit	A
Form	of	Loan	Request
Exhibit	B
Form	of	Control	Agreement
Exhibit	C
Form	of	Compliance	Certificate
Exhibit	D
Form	of	Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation
Exhibit	E
Form	of	Pool	Cut	Report
Exhibit	F
Form	of	Notice	of	Securitization	Take-Out
Exhibit	G
Form	of	Securitization	Take-Out	Certificate
Exhibit	H
[Reserved]
Exhibit	I
[Reserved]
Exhibit	J
[Reserved]
Exhibit	K
[Reserved]
Exhibit	L
[Reserved]
Exhibit	M
Form	of	Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement
Exhibit	N
Form	of	Assumption	Agreement
	
	
-iii-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
LOAN	AND	SECURITY	AGREEMENT	(this	“
Agreement
”)
	is	entered	into	as	of	
December	27
,	2018
	by	and
among	the	following	parties:
	
(i)
LML	2018	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC
,	a	Delaware	limited	liability	company,	as	Borrower	(the
“
Borrower
”);
	
(ii)
Solely	for	purposes	of	
Sections	2.11
,	
2.12
,	
6.03
,	
12.01
,	
12.13
	and	
12.22
,	TESLA	FINANCE	LLC,	a
Delaware	limited	liability	company	(“
TFL
”);
	
(iii)
DEUTSCHE	BANK	TRUST	COMPANY	AMERICAS,	a	New	York	banking	corporation,	as	Paying
Agent;
	
(iv)
DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH,	
as	Administrative	Agent;	and
	
(v)
THE	LENDERS	AND	GROUP	AGENTS	PARTY	HERETO.
R	E	C	I	T	A	L	S:
WHEREAS,	the	Borrower	desires	to	purchase	or	otherwise	acquire	from	TBM	Partnership	II,	LLC,	a
Delaware	limited	liability	company	(“
TBM
”),	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate	(as	defined	below)	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI
represented	thereby	from	time	to	time	pursuant	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement	(as	defined	below);
WHEREAS,	the	Borrower	desires	to	fund	such	purchases	and	acquisitions	through	the	borrowing	of	Loans
(as	defined	below)	from	the	Lenders	subject	to	the	terms	of	this	Agreement;
WHEREAS,	to	provide	assurance	for	the	repayment	of	the	Loans	and	the	other	Obligations	of	the	Borrower
hereunder,	the	Borrower	will	provide	or	will	cause	to	be	provided	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	for	the	benefit	of	the
Secured	Parties,	a	security	interest	in	the	Collateral	pursuant	to	
Article	3
	hereof;
NOW,	THEREFORE,	the	parties	hereto	hereby	agree	as	follows:
ARTICLE	I
DEFINITIONS
SECTION	1.01
		
Certain	Defined	Terms
.		As	used	in	this	Agreement,	the	following	terms	shall
have	the	following	respective	meanings:
“
48+	Month	Limit
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
Additional	Costs
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	11.03
.
“
Additional	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets
”	shall	mean	those	Trust	Assets	allocated	by	the	Trust	to	the
Warehouse	SUBI	from	time	to	time	after	the	Closing	Date	in	accordance	with	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Supplement.
“
Administrative	Agent
”	shall	mean	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	in	its	capacity	as	contractual
representative	for	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders	hereunder,	and	any	successor	thereto	in	such	capacity	appointed
pursuant	to	
Article	IX
.
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Administrative	Charge
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Lease,	any	payment	(whether	or	not	part	of	the
fixed	monthly	payment)	payable	by	the	applicable	Lessee	representing	an	Excess	Mileage	Fee	or	Excess	Wear	and	Tear
Fee.
“
Administrative	Trustee
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Trust	Agreement.
“
Advance	Rate
”	has	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
Adverse	Claim
”	shall	mean	a	lien,	security	interest,	charge	or	encumbrance,	or	other	similar	right	or
claim	in,	of	or	on	any	Person’s	assets	or	properties	in	favor	of	any	other	Person.
“
Affected	Person
”	shall	mean	the	Administrative	Agent,	each	Group	Agent,	each	Lender,	each	Program
Support	Provider	and	their	respective	Affiliates,	permitted	assignees,	successors	and	participants.
“
Affiliate
”	shall	mean	with	respect	to	any	Person,	any	other	Person	directly	or	indirectly	controlling,
controlled	by,	or	under	direct	or	indirect	common	control	with,	another	Person	or	a	Subsidiary	of	such	other	Person.		A
Person	shall	be	deemed	to	control	another	Person	if	the	controlling	Person	possesses,	directly	or	indirectly,	the	power	to
direct	or	cause	the	direction	of	the	management	or	policies	of	the	controlled	Person,	whether	through	ownership	of	stock
or	otherwise.		No	Lender	Party	shall,	solely	as	a	result	of	its	status	as	a	Lender	Party,	be	deemed	to	be	an	Affiliate	of	the
Borrower	or	TFL.
“
AIFM	Regulation
”	shall	mean	Regulation	(EU)	No	231/2013.
“
AIFMD
”	shall	mean	the	European	Union	Alternative	Investment	Fund	Managers	Directive
(Directive	2011/61/EU).
“
Alternate	Base	Rate
”	shall	mean,	for	any	day,	a	fluctuating	interest	rate	per	annum	as	shall	be	in	effect
from	time	to	time,	which	rate	shall	at	all	times	be	equal	to	the	greatest	of	(i)	the	Prime	Rate	on	such	day,	(ii)	(x)	the	rate
equal	to	the	weighted	average	of	the	rates	on	overnight	Federal	funds	transactions	with	members	of	the	Federal	Reserve
System	arranged	by	Federal	funds	brokers,	as	published	for	such	day	(or,	if	such	day	is	not	a	Business	Day,	for	the	next
preceding	Business	Day)	by	the	Federal	Reserve	Bank	of	New	York,	or,	if	such	rate	is	not	so	published	for	any	day	that	is	a
Business	Day,	the	average	of	the	quotations	for	such	day	for	such	transactions	received	by	the	Administrative	Agent	from
three	Federal	funds	brokers	of	recognized	standing	selected	by	it,	plus	(y)	one-half	of	one	percent	(1/2%)	and	(iii)	(x)	the
rate	appearing	on	Reuters	Screen	LIBOR01	Page	(or	on	any	successor	or	substitute	page	of	such	service,	providing	rate
quotations	comparable	to	those	currently	provided	on	such	page	of	such	service,	as	determined	by	the	Administrative
Agent	from	time	to	time	in	accordance	with	its	customary	practices	for	purposes	of	providing	quotations	of	interest	rates
applicable	to	Dollar	deposits	in	the	London	interbank	market)	at	approximately	11:00	a.m.	(London	time)	on	such	day	as
the	rate	for	U.S.	dollar	deposits	with	a	maturity	of	thirty	(30)	days,	plus	(y)	one	percent	(1.00%).
“
Anti-Corruption	Laws
”	shall	mean	all	laws,	rules,	and	regulations	of	any	jurisdiction	applicable	to	the
Tesla	Parties	or	their	respective	Subsidiaries	from	time	to	time	concerning	or	relating	to	bribery	or	corruption.
-2-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement
”	shall	mean	an	assignment	and	acceptance	agreement	entered
into	by	a	Committed	Lender,	an	Eligible	Assignee,	such	Committed	Lender’s	Group	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent,
and,	if	required,	the	Borrower,	pursuant	to	which	such	Eligible	Assignee	may	become	a	party	to	this	Agreement,	in
substantially	the	form	of	
Exhibit	M
	hereto.
“
Assumption
	Agreement
”	has	the	meaning	set	forth	in	
Section	12.10
.
“
Authorized	Signatory
”	shall	have	the	meaning	set	forth	in	
Section	9.02
.
“
Automotive	Lease	Guide
”	shall	mean	(a)	if	available,	the	publication	of	such	name	which	includes	residual
factors	or	any	successor	to	such	publication	consented	to	by	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Required	Group	Agents	or
(b)	if	such	publication	described	in	clause	(a)	is	not	available,	any	other	publication	reasonably	acceptable	to	the	Borrower,
the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Required	Group	Agents.
“
Available	Amounts
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Payment	Date	and	the	related	Settlement	Period,	the
sum	of	the	following	amounts,	without	duplication:	(i)	Collections,	(ii)	amounts	transferred	from	the	Reserve	Account	for
such	Payment	Date,	(iii)	Repurchase	Amounts,	(iv)	Reallocation	Proceeds,	(v)	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Receipts	received	for
such	Payment	Date,	and	(vi)	after	an	Event	of	Default,	all	other	amounts	available	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection
Account	on	such	Payment	Date	(other	than	funds	deposited	by	the	Borrower	that	are	not	proceeds	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Assets	or	payable	pursuant	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement	or	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement	to	satisfy
the	minimum	balance	requirements	of	the	depository	institution	holding	the	Reserve	Account).
“
Available	Facility	Limit
”	shall	mean	the	Facility	Limit	minus	the	Loan	Balance.
“
Back-Up	Servicer
”	shall	mean,	initially,	Wells	Fargo	Bank,	N.A.,	in	its	capacity	as	back-up	servicer	under
the	Transaction	Documents,	and	any	successor	thereto	in	such	capacity		appointed	pursuant	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Servicing	Agreement;	provided,	however,	that	if	the	Back-Up	Servicer	is	terminated	as	provided	in	Section	5.3(b)	of	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement,	then	thereafter	no	Back-Up	Servicer	shall	be	required,	no	Back-up	Servicing	Fee
shall	be	payable	and	all	references	to	the	Back-Up	Servicer	shall	be	ignored	(except	to	the	extent	provided	in	Section	5.3(b)
of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement).
“
Back-Up	Servicing	Fee
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI,	if	there	is	a	Back-Up	Servicer,
the	fee	payable	on	each	Payment	Date	with	respect	to	each	Settlement	Period	equal	to	the	“Back-Up	Servicing	Fee”
specified	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement;	provided	that,	during	any	period	when	a	Back-Up	Servicer	is	acting
as	Servicer,	the	Back-Up	Servicing	Fee	with	respect	to	such	Back-Up	Servicer	shall	be	zero.
“
Back-Up	Servicing	Fee	Rate
”	shall	mean	the	“Back-Up	Servicing	Fee	Rate”	specified	in	the	Warehouse
SUBI	Servicing	Agreement.
“
Bail-In	Action
”	shall	mean	the	exercise	of	any	Write-Down	and	Conversion	Powers	by	the	applicable	EEA
Resolution	Authority	in	respect	of	any	liability	of	an	EEA	Financial	Institution.
“
Bail-In	Legislation
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	EEA	Member	Country	implementing	Article	55	of
Directive	2014/59/EU	of	the	European	Parliament	and	of	the	Council	of	the	European	Union,	the	implementing	law	for	such
EEA	Member	Country	from	time	to	time	which	is	described	in	the	EU	Bail-In	Legislation	Schedule.
-3-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Bank	Interest	Rate
”	shall	mean,	for	any	day	during	any	Interest	Period	for	any	Loan	(or	any	portion
thereof),	an	interest	rate	
per	annum
	equal	to	the	Eurodollar	Rate	on	such	day;	
provided
,	
however
,	that	if	any	Lender	shall
have	notified	the	Borrower	that	the	introduction	of	or	any	change	in,	or	in	the	interpretation	of,	any	law	or	regulation
makes	it	unlawful,	or	any	central	bank	or	other	governmental	authority	asserts	that	it	is	unlawful,	for	such	Lender	to	fund
such	Loan	at	the	Bank	Interest	Rate	set	forth	above	(and	such	Lender	shall	not	have	subsequently	notified	the	Borrower
that	such	circumstances	no	longer	exist),	the	Bank	Interest	Rate	for	each	day	on	and	after	such	notice	that	has	not	been
withdrawn	by	such	Lender	shall	be	an	interest	rate	
per	annum
	equal	to	the	Alternate	Base	Rate	in	effect	on	such	day;	and
provided
,	
further
,	
however
,	that	at	all	times	following	the	occurrence	and	during	the	continuation	of	an	Event	of	Default	the
Bank	Interest	Rate	shall	be	the	Default	Rate.
“
Bankruptcy	Code
”	shall	mean	the	United	States	Bankruptcy	Code,	Title	11	United	States	Code.
“
Base	Residual	Value
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Leased	Vehicle	and	the	related	Lease,	the	lesser	of
(i)	the	TFL	Residual	Value,	and	(ii)	the	Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual	Value.
“
Base	RV	Limit
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
Borrower
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	preamble	to	this	Agreement.
“
Breakage	Fee
”	shall	mean	(i)	for	any	Interest	Period	for	which	a	repayment	of	a	Loan	is	made	for	any
reason	on	any	day	other	than	a	Payment	Date,	or	(ii)	to	the	extent	that	the	Borrower	shall,	for	any	reason,	fail	to	borrow	on
the	date	specified	by	the	Borrower	in	connection	with	any	request	for	funding	pursuant	to	
Article	II
	of	this	Agreement,	the
amount,	if	any,	by	which	(A)	the	additional	Interest	and	Usage	Fee	Amount	(calculated	without	taking	into	account	any
Breakage	Fee	or	any	shortened	duration	of	such	Interest	Period	pursuant	to	the	definition	thereof)	which	would	have
accrued	during	such	Interest	Period	on	the	repaid	principal	amount	of	such	Loan	relating	to	such	Interest	Period	had	such
reductions	not	been	made	(or,	in	the	case	of	clause	(ii)	above,	the	amounts	so	failed	to	be	borrowed	in	connection	with	any
such	request	for	funding	by	the	Borrower),	exceeds	(B)	the	income,	if	any,	received	by	the	related	Lender	from	the
investment	of	the	proceeds	of	such	repaid	principal	amount	of	such	Loan	(or	such	amounts	failed	to	be	borrowed	by	the
Borrower).		A	certificate	as	to	the	amount	of	any	Breakage	Fee	(including	the	computation	of	such	amount)	shall	be
submitted	by	such	Lender	to	the	Borrower	and	the	Administrative	Agent	and	shall	be	conclusive	and	binding	for	all
purposes,	absent	manifest	error.
“
Business	Day
”	shall	mean	(i)	with	respect	to	any	matters	relating	to	the	determination	of	the	Eurodollar
Rate,	a	day	on	which	banks	are	open	for	business	in	the	City	of	New	York	and	on	which	dealings	in	Dollars	are	carried	on	in
the	London	interbank	market,	and	(ii)	for	all	other	purposes,	any	day	other	than	a	Saturday,	Sunday	or	other	day	on	which
banking	institutions	or	trust	companies	in	the	State	of	New	York	generally,	the	City	of	New	York,	Chicago,	Illinois	or	Palo
Alto,	California,	are	authorized	or	obligated	by	law,	executive	order	or	governmental	decree	to	be	closed.
“
Certificate	of	Title
”	shall	mean	any	certificate,	instrument	or	other	document	or	record	issued	or
maintained	by	a	state	or	other	governmental	authority	in	respect	of	any	motor	vehicle	for	the	purpose	of	evidencing	the
ownership	of,	or	any	Adverse	Claim	in	or	against,	such	motor	vehicle.
“
Change	in	Control
”	shall	mean	if	TBM	ceases	to	directly	or	indirectly	own	100%	of	the	equity	and	voting
interests	of	the	Borrower	free	and	clear	of	all	Adverse	Claims.
-4-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Closing	Date
”	shall	mean	
the	date	on	which	the	conditions	precedent	to	the	effectiveness	of	this
Agreement	contained	in	
Section	5.
0
1
	are	satisfied	or	waived
.
“
Collateral
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	3.01(a)
.
“
Collateral	Agency	and	Security	Agreement
”	shall	mean	the	Collateral	Agency	and	Security	Agreement,
dated	as	of	August	16,	2018,	among	the	Trust,	TFL	and	the	Collateral	Agent.
“
Collateral	Agent
”	means	TLT	Leasing	Corp.,	a	Delaware	corporation.
“
Collection	Account	Bank
”	shall	mean	the	depository	institution	at	which	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection
Account	is	established.
“
Collections
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Settlement	Period,	all	amounts,	whether	in	the	form	of	wire
transfer	or	other	form	of	electronic	transfer	or	payment,	cash,	checks	or	other	instruments	received	by	the	Borrower	or	the
Servicer	or	in	a	Permitted	Lockbox,	a	Permitted	Account	or	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	received	on	or	with
respect	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	and	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicles	during	such	Settlement	Period,	(a)	including
the	following:	(i)	Monthly	Lease	Payments,	Payments	Ahead,	Pull-Forward	Payments,	Prepayments,	Administrative	Charges
and	any	other	payments	under	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	(other	than	Supplemental	Servicing	Fees);	(ii)	Net	Liquidation
Proceeds;	(iii)	any	Net	Insurance	Proceeds	not	included	in	Net	Liquidation	Proceeds,	and	(iv)	all	payments	made	by	the
Servicer	arising	from	a	breach	of	its	representations	and	warranties	made	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement	or
from	a	breach	of	any	covenant	of	the	Servicer	made	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement,	but	(b)	excluding	such
amounts	received	following	such	Settlement	Period	in	respect	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	and	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased
Vehicles	that	have	been	repurchased	or	reallocated	on	or	prior	to	the	related	Payment	Date	pursuant	to	a	Securitization
Takeout	or	Section	2.7	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement	and	funds	deposited	by	the	Borrower	that	are	not	proceeds
of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets	or	payable	pursuant	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement	or	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Sale	Agreement	to	satisfy	the	minimum	balance	requirements	of	the	depository	institution	holding	an	Eligible	Account	shall
not	constitute	Collections.
“
Commitment
”	or	“Commitment	Amount”	of	any	Committed	Lender	shall	mean:
(i)
with	respect	to	each	Committed	Lender	as	of	the	date	hereof,	the	“Commitment	Amount"	set	forth
for	such	Committed	Lender	on	Schedule	8,	as	such	amount	may	be	reduced	or	increased	in	accordance	with	this
Agreement	from	time	to	time;	and
(ii)
with	respect	to	any	other	Committed	Lender,	an	amount	equal	to	the	amount	set	forth	as	its
“Commitment	Amount”	in	the	Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement	or	Assumption	Agreement	pursuant	to	which	such
Committed	Lender	became	a	party	hereto	or	as	otherwise	agreed	in	writing	by	such	Lender
,	in	each	case	as	such	amount
may	be	reduced	or	increased	in	accordance	with	this	Agreement	from	time	to	time;	
provided	that
,	(x)	the	Commitment
Amount	of	a	Lender	may	be	(x)	increased	or	decreased	pursuant	to	the	terms	of	this	Agreement	pursuant	to	
Section	2.11
	or
Section	2.12
	and	(y)	any	termination	of	the	Facility	Limit	pursuant	to	
Section	8.02
	or	
Section	12.1
	shall	terminate	ratably
each	Committed	Lender’s	then	current	Commitment.
“
Committed	Lenders
”	shall	mean	each	Committed	Lender	set	forth	on	
Schedule	8
,	and	each	other	Person
that	becomes	a	party	hereto	as	a	Committed	Lender	pursuant	to	an	Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement,	an	Assumption
Agreement	or	otherwise	in	accordance	with	this	Agreement.
-5-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Commitment	Percentage
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	each	Lender	on	the	relevant	date	of	determination,
the	quotient	(expressed	as	a	percentage)	obtained	by	dividing	(a)	the	Commitment	of	such	Lender	(in	each	case,	after
giving	effect	to	any	increase	or	reduction	of	Commitment	on	such	date)	by	(b)	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	(after	giving
effect	to	any	increase	or	reduction	in	Maximum	Facility	Limit	on	such	date).
“
Competitor
”	shall	mean	any	Person	that	has	as	a	majority	of	its	business	the	manufacture	of	automobiles,
or	any	Affiliate	of	that	entity.
“
Conduit	Lender
”	shall	mean	each	commercial	paper	conduit	that	becomes	a	party	hereto	as	a	Conduit
Lender	pursuant	to	an	Assumption	Agreement	or	otherwise	in	accordance	with	this	Agreement.
“
Connection	Income	Taxes
”	shall	mean	Other	Connection	Taxes	that	are	imposed	on	or	measured	by	net
income	(however	denominated)	or	that	are	franchise	Taxes	or	branch	profits	Taxes.		
“
Control
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	Section	8-106	(or	other	section	of	similar	content	as	Section
8-106	of	the	UCC)	of	the	Relevant	UCC.
“
Control	Agreement
”	shall	mean	a	control	agreement	substantially	in	the	form	of	
Exhibit	B
	hereto	or
otherwise	in	form	and	substance	reasonably	satisfactory	to	the	Administrative	Agent	among	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer	or
the	Administrative	Agent,	as	secured	party,	and	the	depositary	institution	at	which	one	or	more	Eligible	Accounts	subject	to
the	Control	Agreement	are	maintained,	as	securities	intermediary	or	deposit	bank.
“
Credit	and	Collection	Policy
”	shall	mean	the	credit	and	collection	policies	and	practices	related	to	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	and	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicles	maintained	by	the	Servicer	on	behalf	of	the	Trust	pursuant
to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement	and	attached	hereto	as	
Schedule	7
,	as	such	credit	and	collection	policies	and
practices	may	be	amended	from	time	to	time	in	accordance	with	Section	4.1(b)(iv)	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing
Agreement.		If	the	Back-Up	Servicer	becomes	the	Successor	Servicer	under	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement,	the
Credit	and	Collection	Policy	shall	be,	with	respect	to	such	Successor	Servicer,	those	collection	policies	that	the	Back-Up
Servicer	uses	to	service	similar	assets	and	which	at	all	times	shall	be	consistent	with	the	collection	practices	used	by
servicers	of	comparable	size	and	experience.
“
Credit	Loss
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Settlement	Period,	the	aggregate	Securitization	Value
(determined	as	of	the	first	day	of	such	Settlement	Period)	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	that	became	Defaulted	Leases	during
such	Settlement	Period,	net	of	all	Net	Liquidation	Proceeds	received	during	such	Settlement	Period	with	respect	to
Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	that	are	Defaulted	Leases.
“
Credit	Loss	Ratio
”	shall	mean,	for	any	Settlement	Period,	a	fraction,	expressed	as	a	percentage,	the
numerator	of	which	equals	the	Credit	Loss	for	such	Settlement	Period	and	the	denominator	of	which	equals	the	aggregate
Securitization	Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	as	of	the	first	day	of	such	Settlement	Period.
“
Credit	Loss	Ratio	Trigger
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
CRR
”	shall	mean	Regulation	No	575/2013	of	the	European	Parliament	and	of	the	Council	as	published	in
the	Official	Journal	of	the	European	Union	on	27	June	2013	as	amended	from	time	to	time	and	as	implemented	by	the
Member	States	of	the	European	Union,	together	with	the	Corrigendum	to	Regulation	575/2013.
-6-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Cut-Off	Date
”	shall	mean,	
with	respect	to	the	Leases	and	Leased	Vehicles	allocated	to	the	Warehouse
SUBI
,
	the	close	of	business	on	the	last	day	of	the	calendar	month	immediately	preceding	the	calendar	month	during	which
such	Leases	and	Leased	Vehicles	are	allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI,	or	such	other	date	agreed	to	by	the	Borrower	and
the	Administrative	Agent	in	connection	with	the	foregoing.
“
Debt
”	shall	mean,	as	to	any	Person,	at	any	date,	without	duplication,	(i)	all	obligations	of	such	Person	for
borrowed	money,	(ii)	all	obligations	of	such	Person	evidenced	by	bonds,	debentures,	notes	or	other	similar	instruments,	(iii)
all	obligations	of	such	Person	to	pay	the	deferred	purchase	price	of	property	or	services,	except	trade	accounts	payable
arising	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	(iv)	all	obligations	of	such	Person	as	lessee	under	capital	leases,	(v)	all	Debt	of
others	secured	by	a	Lien	on	any	asset	of	such	Person,	whether	or	not	such	Debt	is	assumed	by	such	Person,	(vi)	all	net
obligations	of	such	Person	in	respect	of	interest	rate	or	currency	hedges,	(vii)	all	reimbursement	obligations	of	such	Person
in	respect	of	any	letters	of	credit	and	(viii)	all	Debt	of	others	Guaranteed	by	such	Person.
“
Default
”	shall	mean	an	event	which,	but	for	the	lapse	of	time	or	the	giving	of	notice,	or	both,	would
constitute	an	Event	of	Default.	For	the	avoidance	of	doubt,	a	Default	arising	from	a	Change	in	Control	shall	not	occur	until
the	Change	in	Control	actually	occurs.
“
Default	Rate
”	shall	mean,	on	any	date,	an	interest	rate	
per	annum
	equal	to	the	sum	of	the	Alternate	Base
Rate	on	such	date	plus	2.0%.
“
Defaulted	Lease
”	shall	mean	(x)	any	Lease	for	which	an	amount	at	least	equal	to	5%	of	any	Monthly	Lease
Payment	remains	unpaid	for	more	than	180	days	from	the	original	payment	due	date,	or	(y)	with	respect	to	any	Lease	that
is	delinquent	less	than	180	days,	the	Servicer	has	(i)	determined,	in	accordance	with	the	Credit	and	Collection	Policy,	that
eventual	payment	in	full	is	unlikely,	or	(ii)	repossessed	the	related	Leased	Vehicle,	or	(z)	a	Lease	with	respect	to	which	the
Servicer	has	received	notification	that	the	related	Lessee	is	the	subject	of	a	bankruptcy	proceeding.
“
Defaulted	Vehicle
”	shall	mean	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicle	the	related	Lease	for	which	is	a
Defaulted	Lease.
“
Delaware	Trustee
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Trust	Agreement.
“
Delayed	Amount
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.01
.
“
Delayed	Funding	Date
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.01
.
“
Delayed	Funding	Notice
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.01
.
“
Delayed	Funding	Notice	Date
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.01
.
“
Delaying	Group
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.01
.
“
Delaying	Lender
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.01
.
“
Delinquency	Ratio
”	shall	mean,	for	any	Settlement	Period,	the	ratio	(expressed	as	a	percentage)	of	(i)	the
aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	that	are	Delinquent	Leases	as	of	the	last	day	of	such	Settlement
Period	to	(ii)	the	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	as	of	the	last	day	of	such	Settlement	Period.
-7-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Delinquency	Ratio	Trigger
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
Delinquent	Lease
”	shall	mean	a	Lease	which	is	not	a	Defaulted	Lease	and	with	respect	to	which	an
amount	at	least	equal	to	5%	of	any	Monthly	Lease	Payment	remains	unpaid	for	more	than	60	days	from	the	original	due
date	of	such	payment.
“
Deposit	Date
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	a	Settlement	Period,	the	Business	Day	immediately	preceding
the	related	Payment	Date.
“
Designated	Ineligible	Lease
”	shall	mean	a	Lease	as	to	which	the	Servicer	has	breached	any	of	its
covenants	or	obligations	set	forth	in	Section	2.2(d)	or	(e)	of	the	Servicing	Agreement.
“
Designated	Person
”	shall	mean	a	person	or	entity:		
(i)
listed	in	the	annex	to,	or	otherwise	the	subject	of	the	provisions	of,	any	Executive	Order;
	
(ii)
named	as	a	“Specially	Designated	National	and	Blocked	Person”	(“
SDN
”)	on	the	most	current	list
published	by	OFAC	at	its	official	website	or	any	replacement	website	or	other	replacement	official	publication	of
such	list	(“
SDN	List
”)	or	is	otherwise	the	subject	of	any	Sanctions	Laws	and	Regulations;	or
	
(iii)
in	which	an	entity	or	person	on	the	SDN	List	has	50%	or	greater	ownership	interest	or	that	is
otherwise	controlled	by	an	SDN.
	
“
Determination	Date
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Payment	Date,	the	15
th
	day	of	the	calendar	month	in
which	such	Payment	Date	occurs,	or,	if	such	15
th
	day	is	not	a	Business	Day,	the	next	succeeding	Business	Day.
“
Dollars
”	or	“
$
”	shall	mean	the	lawful	currency	of	the	United	States	of	America.
“
Early	Lease	Termination	Date
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Lease,	the	date	on	which	such	Lease	is
terminated	prior	to	its	Lease	Maturity	Date	(including	in	connection	with	a	Lease	Pull-Forward)	for	a	reason	other	than
becoming	a	Defaulted	Lease.
“
EEA	Financial	Institution
”	shall	mean	(a)	any	credit	institution	or	investment	firm	established	in	any	EEA
Member	Country	which	is	subject	to	the	supervision	of	an	EEA	Resolution	Authority,	(b)	any	entity	established	in	an	EEA
Member	Country	which	is	a	parent	of	an	institution	described	in	clause	(a)	of	this	definition,	or	(c)	any	financial	institution
established	in	an	EEA	Member	Country	which	is	a	subsidiary	of	an	institution	described	in	clauses	(a)	or	(b)	of	this
definition	and	is	subject	to	consolidated	supervision	with	its	parent.
“
EEA	Member	Country
”	shall	mean	any	of	the	member	states	of	the	European	Union,	Iceland,
Liechtenstein	and	Norway.
“
EEA	Resolution	Authority
”	shall	mean	any	public	administrative	authority	or	any	person	entrusted	with
public	administrative	authority	of	any	EEA	Member	Country	(including	any	delegee)	having	responsibility	for	the	resolution
of	any	EEA	Financial	Institution.
-8-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Electronic	Chattel	Paper
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	Section	9-102(a)	of	the	UCC	(or	other
section	of	similar	content	of	the	Relevant	UCC).
“
Electronic	Lease	Vault
”	shall	mean	the	Electronic	Chattel	Paper	vault	system	described	in	
Schedule	3
,
using	the	eOriginal	process	for	all	vehicle	leases	originated	by	or	for	the	Trust,	including	the	Leases.
“
Eligible	Account
”	shall	mean	either	(i)	a	segregated	trust	account	with	the	trust	department	of	a
depository	institution	organized	under	the	laws	of	the	United	States	of	America	or	any	State	thereof	or	the	District	of
Columbia	(or	any	domestic	branch	of	a	foreign	bank),	having	a	short-term	deposit	rating	of	at	least	“A-1”	by	S&P	and	at
least	“P-1”	by	Moody’s,	having	trust	powers	and	acting	as	trustee	for	funds	deposited	in	such	account,	or	(ii)	a	segregated
deposit	account	with	a	depository	institution	organized	under	the	laws	of	the	United	States	of	America	or	any	State	thereof
(or	any	domestic	branch	of	a	foreign	bank)	the	long-term	deposit	obligations	of	which	are	rated	“AA+”	or	higher	by	S&P
and	“Aa3”	or	higher	by	Moody’s	and	the	short-term	debt	obligations	of	which	are	rated	“A-1”	by	S&P	and	“P-1”	by	Moody’s,
(iii)	a	segregated	securities	account	with	a	securities	intermediary	organized	under	the	laws	of	the	United	States	of
America	or	any	State	thereof	(or	any	domestic	branch	of	a	foreign	bank)	the	long-term	deposit	obligations	of	which	are
rated	“AA+”	or	higher	by	S&P	and	“Aa3”	or	higher	by	Moody’s	and	the	short-term	debt	obligations	of	which	are	rated	“A-1”
by	S&P	and	“P-1”	by	Moody’s	or	(iv)	a	segregated,	non-interest	bearing	trust	account	established	with	the	Paying	Agent.
“
Eligible	Assignee
”	shall	mean	a	Person	that	is	neither	a	Competitor	nor	a	Person	listed	on	
Schedule	4
hereto	nor	an	Affiliate	thereof.
“
Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge
”	shall	mean	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge	in	form	and	substance	acceptable	to	the
Administrative	Agent	which	is	entered	into	pursuant	to	and	in	compliance	with	
Section	6.01(n)
	and	which	(i)	in	the	case	of
an	interest	rate	swap,	designates	“USD-LIBOR-BBA”	(as	defined	in	the	ISDA	Definitions)	as	the	floating	rate	option	with	a
designated	maturity	of	one	month;	(ii)	provides	that	any	payments	made	by	the	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Provider	shall
be	made	directly	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account;	(iii)	includes	an	acknowledgment	by	the	Eligible	Interest	Rate
Hedge	Provider	of	the	collateral	assignment	of	the	applicable	Interest	Rate	Hedge	by	the	Borrower	to	the	Administrative
Agent,	(iv)	provides	that	it	may	not	be	amended,	terminated,	waived	or	assigned	by	the	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge
Provider	without	the	prior	written	consent	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent,	(v)	has	an	amortizing
notional	amount	in	accordance	with	an	amortization	schedule	acceptable	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	and	(vi)	which	is	not
required	to	be	“cleared”	and	does	not	require	any	posting	of	“margin.”		
“
Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Provider
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge,	(a)	Deutsche
Bank	AG,	Citibank,	N.A.	and	any	other	Lender	or	Affiliate	thereof,	or	(b)	a	financial	institution	that	has	applicable	ratings
equal	to	at	least	the	Required	Ratings.
“
Eligible	Investments
”	shall	mean	book-entry	securities,	negotiable	instruments	or	securities	represented
by	instruments	in	bearer	or	registered	form	which	evidence:
(i)
obligations	of	the	United	States	or	any	agency	thereof,	
provided
	such	obligations	are	guaranteed
as	to	the	timely	payment	of	principal	and	interest	by	the	full	faith	and	credit	of	the	United	States;
(ii)
general	obligations	of	or	obligations	guaranteed	by	any	state	of	the	United	States	or	the	District	of
Columbia	that	at	the	time	of	acquisition	thereof	are	assigned	the	highest	ratings	by	S&P	and	Moody’s;
-9-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(iii)
interests	in	any	money	market	mutual	fund	which	at	the	date	of	investment	in	such	fund	has	the
highest	fund	rating	by	each	of	Moody’s	and	S&P	which	has	issued	a	rating	for	such	fund	(which,	for	S&P,	shall	mean	a
rating	of	“AAAm”	or	“AAAmg”);
(iv)
commercial	paper	which	at	the	date	of	investment	has	ratings	of	at	least	“A
‑1”	by	S&P	and	“P-1”
by	Moody’s	(including	commercial	paper	meeting	the	foregoing	criteria	issued	by	a	Committed	Lender);
(v)
certificates	of	deposit,	demand	or	time	deposits,	Federal	funds	or	banker’s	acceptances	issued	by
any	depository	institution	or	trust	company	incorporated	under	the	laws	of	the	United	States	or	of	any	state	thereof	(or	any
U.S.	branch	or	agency	of	a	foreign	bank)	and	subject	to	supervision	and	examination	by	Federal	or	state	banking
authorities,	provided	that	the	short-term	unsecured	deposit	obligations	of	such	depository	institution	or	trust	company	at
the	date	of	investment	are	then	rated	at	least	“P-1”	by	Moody’s	and	“A-1”	by	S&P;
(vi)
demand	or	time	deposits	of,	or	certificates	of	deposit	issued	by,	any	bank,	trust	company,	savings
bank	or	other	savings	institution,	which	deposits	are	fully	insured	by	the	Federal	Deposit	Insurance	Corporation,	
provided
that	the	long-term	unsecured	debt	obligations	of	such	bank,	trust	company,	savings	bank	or	other	savings	institution	are
rated	at	the	date	of	investment	at	least	“Aa2”	by	Moody’s	and	“AA-”	by	S&P;	and
(viii)
such	other	investments	approved	by	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent.
“
Eligible	Lease
”	shall	mean	a	Lease	as	to	which	the	following	are	true:
(i)
was	originated	in	the	United	States	by	or	for	the	Trust	(A)	in	the	ordinary	course	of	the	Trust’s
business	without	the	involvement	of	any	motor	vehicle	dealer	that	is	not	an	Affiliate	of	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL	or	a	Tesla	Party,	and
(B)	pursuant	to	a	Lease	Origination	Agreement	which	provides	for	recourse	to	Tesla,	Inc.	in	the	event	of	certain	defects	in
the	Lease,	but	not	for	default	by	the	Lessee;
(ii)
the	Lease	and	the	related	Leased	Vehicle	are	owned	by	the	Trust	or	a	Trustee	(or	a	co-trustee)	on
behalf	of	the	Trust,	free	of	all	Liens;
(iii)
the	Lease	was	originated	in	compliance	with,	and	complies	with,	all	material	applicable	legal
requirements,	including,	to	the	extent	applicable,	the	Federal	Consumer	Credit	Protection	Act,	Regulation	M	of	the	Board
of	Governors	of	the	Federal	Reserve,	all	federal	and	state	leasing	and	consumer	protection	laws	and	all	state	and	federal
usury	laws;
(iv)
all	material	consents,	licenses,	approvals	or	authorizations	of,	or	registrations	or	declarations
with,	any	Governmental	Authority	required	to	be	obtained,	effected	or	given	by	the	originator	of	such	Lease	in	connection
with	(A)	the	origination	of	such	Lease,	(B)	the	execution,	delivery	and	performance	by	such	originator	of	such	Lease	and	(C)
the	acquisition	by	the	Trust	or	a	Trustee	(or	a	co-trustee)	on	behalf	of	the	Trust	of	such	Lease	and	the	related	Leased
Vehicle,	have	been	duly	obtained,	effected	or	given	and	are	in	full	force	and	effect	as	of	such	date	of	origination	or
acquisition;
-10-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(v)
the	Lease	(A)	is	the	legal,	valid	and	binding	full-recourse	payment	obligation	of	the	related	Lessee,
enforceable	against	such	Lessee	in	accordance	with	its	terms,	except	as	such	enforceability	may	be	limited	by	(I)	applicable
bankruptcy,	insolvency,	reorganization,	moratorium	or	other	similar	laws,	now	or	hereafter	in	effect,	affecting	the
enforcement	of	creditors’	rights	in	general,	or	(II)	general	principles	of	equity	(whether	considered	in	a	suit	at	law	or	in
equity)	and	(B)	is	Electronic	Chattel	Paper	and	is	not	Tangible	Chattel	Paper,	and	there	exists	a	single,	authoritative	copy	of
the	record	or	records	comprising	such	Electronic	Chattel	Paper,	which	copy	is	unique	and	identifiable	(all	within	the
meaning	of	Section	9-105	of	the	UCC	(or	other	section	of	similar	content	of	the	Relevant	UCC)),	held	in	the	Electronic
Lease	Vault;
(vi)
(A)	no	right	of	rescission,	setoff,	counterclaim	or	any	other	defense	(including	defenses	arising
out	of	violations	of	usury	laws)	of	the	related	Lessee	to	payment	of	the	amounts	due	thereunder	has	been	asserted	or
threatened	with	respect	thereto	and	(B)	the	Lease	has	not	been	satisfied,	subordinated,	rescinded,	canceled	or	terminated;
(vii)
the	Lease	is	a	closed-end	Lease	that	(A)	requires	equal	monthly	payments	to	be	made	within	not
less	than	24,	and	not	more	than	
60	months	of	the	date	of	origination	of	such	Lease,	and	(B)	requires	such	payments	to	be
made	by	the	related	Lessee	within	30	days	after	the	billing	date	for	such	payment;
(viii)
the	Lease	is	payable	solely	in	Dollars;
(ix)
the	related	Lessee	is	a	Person	located	in	one	or	more	of	the	50	states	of	the	United	States	or	the
District	of	Columbia	and	is	not	(i)	TFL	or	any	of	its	Affiliates,	or	(ii)	the	United	States	of	America	or	any	State	or	local
government	or	any	agency	or	political	subdivision	thereof;
(x)
the	Lease	requires	the	related	Lessee	to	maintain	insurance	against	loss	or	damage	to	the	related
Leased	Vehicle	under	an	insurance	policy	that	names	the	Trust	or	a	Trustee	(or	a	co-trustee)	on	behalf	of	the	Trust	as	a	loss
payee;
(xi)
the	related	Leased	Vehicle	is	titled	in	the	name	of	the	Trust	or	a	Trustee	(or	a	co-trustee)	on
behalf	of	the	Trust	or	such	other	name	(which	may	be	an	abbreviation	of	any	of	the	foregoing	or	other	designation)	as	may
be	required	by	the	related	registrar	of	title	or	applicable	requirements	of	Law	to	reflect	the	interest	of	the	Trust	therein	(or
properly	completed	applications	for	such	title	have	been	submitted	to	the	appropriate	titling	authority)	and	all	transfer	and
similar	taxes	imposed	in	connection	therewith	have	been	paid;
(xii)
the	Lease	is	fully	assignable	by	the	originator	and	does	not	require	the	consent	of	the	related
Lessee	as	a	condition	to	any	transfer,	sale	or	assignment	of	the	rights	of	the	originator	under	such	Lease;
(xiii)
(A)	the	original	Lease	Maturity	Date	has	not	been	extended	to	a	date	more	than	six	(6)	months
after	such	original	Lease	Maturity	Date	and,	if	such	original	Lease	Maturity	Date	has	been	extended,	such	extension	was
made	in	accordance	with	the	Credit	and	Collection	Policy	and,	at	the	time	of	such	extension,	there	were	no	more	than	three
scheduled	payments	remaining	under	such	Lease	and	all	scheduled	payments	due	by	the	related	Lessee	prior	to	the	date	of
such	extension	have	been	paid	in	full	and	(B)	the	other	provisions	of	such	Lease	have	not	been	adjusted,	waived	or
modified,	in	each	case	in	any	material	respect,	except	in	accordance	with	the	Credit	and	Collection	Policy;
(xiv)
the	Lease	was	originated	in	accordance	with	all	material	requirements	of	the	Credit	and
Collection	Policy;
-11-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(xv)
the	Lease	is	not	(a)	
solely	for	the	date	of	determination	when	such
	Lease	is	to	be	allocated	to	the
Warehouse	SUBI	on	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date,	a	Lease	for	which,	as	of	the	related	Cut-Off	Date,	an	amount
at	least	equal	to	5%	of	any	Monthly	Lease	Payment	remains	unpaid	for	
more	than	29	days
,
	(b)	a	Delinquent	Lease,	(c)	a
Defaulted	Lease	or	(d)	a	Lease	as	to	which	any	of	the	payments	shall	have	been	waived	(other	than	deferrals	and	waivers	of
late	payment	charges	or	fees	owing	to	the	Servicer	as	Supplemental	Servicing	Fees	permitted	under	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Servicing	Agreement
	or	for	which	Servicer	has	made	or	is	obligated	to	make	a	corresponding	deposit	in	the	SUBI
Collection	Account	(as	defined	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement)	under	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing
Agreement
);
(xvi)
the	Lease	is	a	“true	lease”,	as	opposed	to	a	lease	intended	as	security,	under	the	laws	of	the
State	in	which	it	was	originated;
(xvii)
the	Lease	fully	amortizes	to	an	amount	equal	to	the	TFL	Residual	Value	based	on	the	related
lease	rate,	which	is	calculated	on	a	constant	yield	basis,	and	provides	for	level	payments	over	its	term	(except	for	the
payment	of	such	TFL	Residual	Value);
(xviii)
the	Securitization	Value	of	the	Lease,	as	of	its	origination
	date,	is	greater	than	$[***]	but	not
greater	than	$200,000;
(xix)
no	selection	procedures	reasonably	anticipated	to	be	adverse	to	the	Lender	Parties	were	utilized
in	selecting	such	Lease	from	among	the	Leases	allocated	to	the	
TBM	SUBI	meeting	the	other	selection	criteria	set	forth	in
this	definition;
(xx)
the	related	Leased	Vehicle	was	sold	by	Tesla,	Inc.	to	the	Trust	or	by	a	Subsidiary	of	Tesla,	Inc.
originating	the	Lease	to	the	Trust,	in	each	case	without	any	fraud	or	material	misrepresentation	by	Tesla,	Inc.	or	such
Subsidiary;
(xxi)
the	Lease	does	not	contain	a	confidentiality	provision	that	purports	to	restrict	the	ability	of	the
Administrative	Agent	or	any	Lender	to	exercise	its	rights	under	this	Agreement,	including	its	right	to	review	the	Lease;
(xxii)
with	respect	to	which	the	related	Lessee	has	not	been	identified	on	the	records	of	TFL	as
currently	being	the	subject	of	an	Event	of	Bankruptcy;
(xxiii)
with	respect	to	which	there	is	no	material	breach,	default,	violation	or	event	of	acceleration
existing	under	the	Lease,	and	there	is	no	event	which,	with	the	passage	of	time,	or	with	notice	and	the	expiration	of	any
grace	or	cure	period,	would	constitute	a	material	default,	breach,	violation	or	event	of	acceleration;
(xxiv)
the	Lessee	of	which	(x)	receives	a	statement,	invoice	or	other	instruction	directing	payment	to	a
Permitted	Lockbox	or	a	Permitted	Account	or	(y)	authorizes	the	Servicer	to	debit	the	Lessee’s	account	for	each	scheduled
payment;
(xxv)
[Reserved];
(xxvi)
with	respect	to	which	TFL	is	not	required	to	perform	any	additional	service	for,	or	perform	or
incur	any	additional	obligation	to,	the	related	Lessee	in	order	to	enforce	the	related	Lease;
-12-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(xxvii)
the	related	Leased	Vehicle	is	new	on	the	date	of	origination	of	such	Lease;
(xxviii)
a	Lessee	of	which	(or,	if	the	Lessee	is	an	entity,	a	natural	person	who	is	the	co-lessee	or
guarantor	under	the	Lease	and	an	owner	of	the	Lessee)	has	a	FICO	Score	of	not	less	than	600;
(xxix)
the	Lessee	of	which	is	a	Lessee	of	no	more	than	two	other	existing	Leases;	and
(xxx)
the	Lease	provides	that	the	Excess	Mileage	Fee	applies	if	mileage	exceeds	a	threshold	not
greater	than	15,000	miles	per	year.
“
Entitlement	Holder
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	Section	8-102(a)(7)	of	the	UCC	(or	other	section
of	similar	content	of	the	Relevant	UCC).
“
ERISA
”	shall	mean	the	Employee	Retirement	Income	Security	Act	of	1974.
“
ERISA	Affiliate
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Person,	any	other	Person	which	is	a	member	of	any	group
of	organizations	(i)	described	in	Section	414(b)	or	(c)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code	of	which	such	initial	Person	is	a
member,	or	(ii)	solely	for	the	purposes	of	potential	liability	under	Section	412	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	described	in
Section	414(m)	or	(o)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code	of	which	such	initial	Person	is	a	member.
“
EU	Bail-In	Legislation	Schedule
”	shall	mean	the	EU	Bail-In	Legislation	Schedule	published	by	the	Loan
Market	Association	(or	any	successor	person),	as	in	effect	from	time	to	time.
“
Eurocurrency	Liabilities
”	has	the	meaning	assigned	to	that	term	in	Regulation	D	of	the	Board	of
Governors	of	the	Federal	Reserve	System,	as	in	effect	from	time	to	time.
“
Eurodollar	Rate
”	shall	mean:
(i)
with	respect	to	any	Lender	in	the	Group	for	which	Royal	Bank	of	Canada	is	the	Group	Agent	for
each	day	during	any	Interest	Period,	
(a)	the	rate	per	annum	(carried	out	to	the	fifth	decimal	place)	equal	to	the	rate
determined	by	Royal	Bank	of	Canada	to	be	the	offered	rate	that	appears	on	the	page	of	the	Reuters	Screen	on	such	day	that
displays	an	average	British	Bankers	Association	Interest	Settlement	Rate	(such	page	currently	being	LIBOR01)	for	deposits
in	United	States	dollars	with	a	term	equivalent	to	one	month;	(b)	in	the	event	the	rate	referenced	in	the	preceding
subsection	(a)	does	not	appear	on	such	page	or	service	or	such	page	or	service	shall	cease	to	be	available,	the	rate	per
annum	(carried	to	the	fifth	decimal	place)	equal	to	the	rate	determined	by	Royal	Bank	of	Canada	to	be	the	offered	rate	on
such	day	on	such	other	page	or	other	service	that	displays	an	average	British	Bankers	Association	Interest	Settlement	Rate
for	deposits	in	United	States	dollars	(or,	if	such	rate	is	not	available	on	a	successor	or	substitute	service,	such	comparable
rate	published	on	such	other	service	as	selected	by	Royal	Bank	of	Canada	from	time	to	time	for	purposes	of	providing
quotations	of	interest	rates	applicable	to	United	States	dollar	deposits	in	the	London	interbank	market)	with	a	term
equivalent	to	one	month;	or	(c)	in	the	event	the	rates	referenced	in	the	preceding	subsections	(a)	and	(b)	are	not	available,
the	rate	per	annum	determined	by	Royal	Bank	of	Canada	on	such	day	as	the	rate	of	interest	at	which	Dollar	deposits	(for
delivery	on	a	date	two	Business	days	later	than	such	day)	in	same	day	funds	in	the	approximate	amount	of	the	applicable
investment	to	be	funded	by	reference	to	the	LIBOR	Rate	and	with	a	term	equivalent	to	one	month	would	be	offered	by	its
London	Branch	to	major	banks	in	the	London	interbank	eurodollar	market	at	their	request;	or
-13-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(ii)
with	respect	to	any	Lender	in	any	other	Group,	with	respect	to	an	Interest	Period,	an	interest	rate
per	annum	equal	to	the	rate	for	one-month	deposits	in	Dollars,	which	rate	is	designated	as	“LIBOR01”	on	the	Reuters
Money	3000	Service	as	of	11:00	a.m.,	London	time,	two	(2)	LIBOR	Business	Days	prior	to	the	first	day	of	such	Interest
Period;	
provided,	however
,	that	(a)	in	the	event	that	no	such	rate	is	shown,	the	LIBOR	Rate	shall	be	determined	by
reference	to	such	other	comparable	available	service	for	displaying	Eurodollar	rates	as	may	be	reasonably	selected	by	the
Administrative	Agent;	(b)	in	the	event	that	the	rate	appearing	on	such	page	or	as	so	determined	by	the	Administrative
Agent	shall	be	less	than	zero,	such	rate	shall	be	deemed	to	be	zero	for	the	purposes	of	this	Agreement,	and	(c)	if	no	such
service	is	available,	the	LIBOR	Rate	shall	be	the	rate	per	annum	equal	to	the	average	(rounded	upward	to	the	nearest
1/100
th
	of	1%)	of	the	rate	at	which	the	Administrative	Agent	offers	deposits	in	Dollars	at	or	about	10:00	a.m.,	New	York
City	time,	two	(2)	LIBOR	Business	Days	prior	to	the	beginning	of	the	related	Interest	Period,	in	the	interbank	eurocurrency
market	where	the	eurocurrency	and	foreign	currency	and	exchange	operations	in	respect	of	its	Eurodollar	loans	are	then
being	conducted	for	delivery	on	the	first	day	of	such	Interest	Period	for	the	number	of	days	comprised	therein	and	in	an
amount	comparable	to	the	applicable	portion	of	the	Loan	Balance	to	be	accruing	interest	at	the	LIBOR	Rate	during	such
Interest	Period.
“
European	Union
”	shall	mean	the	supranational	organization	of	states	established	with	that	name	by	the
Treaty	on	European	Union	(signed	in	Maastricht	on	7	February	1992)	as	enlarged	or	reduced	by	the	Treaty	of	Accession
(signed	in	Athens	on	16	April	2003),	and	as	may	be	enlarged	from	time	to	time	by	the	agreement	of	the	member	states
thereof.
“
eVault	Letter	Agreement
”	shall	mean	that	certain	letter	agreement	relating	to	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases
dated	on	or	about	December	27,	2018,	by	and	among	TFL,	the	Trust,	the	Administrative	Agent	and	eOriginal,	Inc.
“
Event	of	Bankruptcy
”	shall	mean,	for	any	Person:
(i)
that	such	Person	shall	admit	in	writing	its	inability	to,	pay	its	debts	as	they	become	due;	or
(ii)
a	proceeding	shall	have	been	instituted	seeking	a	decree	or	order	for	relief	in	respect	of	such
Person	in	an	involuntary	case	under	any	applicable	bankruptcy,	insolvency	or	other	similar	law	now	or	hereafter	in	effect,
or	for	the	appointment	of	a	receiver,	liquidator,	assignee,	trustee,	custodian,	sequestrator,	conservator	or	other	similar
official	of	such	Person	or	for	all	or	substantially	all	of	its	property,	or	for	the	winding-up	or	liquidation	of	its	affairs	and	(A)
an	order	for	relief	is	entered	or	(B)	such	proceeding	remains	unstayed	or	undismissed	for	a	period	of	60	days	in	a	court
having	jurisdiction	in	the	premises;	or
(iii)
the	commencement	by	such	Person	of	a	voluntary	case	under	any	applicable	bankruptcy,
insolvency	or	other	similar	law	now	or	hereafter	in	effect,	or	such	Person’s	consent	to	the	entry	of	an	order	for	relief	in	an
involuntary	case	under	any	such	law,	or	consent	to	the	appointment	of	or	taking	possession	by	a	receiver,	liquidator,
assignee,	trustee,	custodian,	sequestrator,	conservator	or	other	similar	official	of	such	Person	or	for	all	or	substantially	all
of	its	property,	or	any	general	assignment	for	the	benefit	of	creditors;	or
(iv)
the	holders	of	the	equity	of	such	Person	or	the	board	of	directors	or	board	of	managers	or	other
governing	body	of	such	Person	shall	adopt	any	resolution	for	such	Person	authorizing	any	of	the	actions	set	forth	in	the
preceding	clause	(iii).
“
Event	of	Default
”	shall	mean	an	event	described	in	
Section	8.01
.
-14-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Excess	Concentration	Amount
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	that	are	Eligible
Leases	on	such	date,	the	sum	of,	without	duplication,	the	amounts	(if	any)	by	which:
(i)
the	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	that	are	Eligible	Leases	with
Lease	Maturity	Dates	occurring	more	than	48	months	from	the	date	of	origination	of	such	Leases	exceeds	the	48+	Month
Limit;
(ii)
if	such	date	is	on	or	after	April	30,	2019,	the	aggregate	Base	Residual	Value	of	all	Warehouse
SUBI	Leases	that	are	Eligible	Leases	scheduled	to	reach	their	Lease	Maturity	Date	in	any	one	(1)	month	exceeds	the	Single
Month	Maturity	Limit;
(iii)
if	such	date	is	on	or	after	June	30,	2019,	the	aggregate	Base	Residual	Value	of	all	Warehouse
SUBI	Leases	that	are	Eligible	Leases	scheduled	to	reach	their	Lease	Maturity	Date	in	any	6	consecutive	months	exceeds
the	Six	Month	Maturity	Limit;
(iv)
if	such	date	is	on	or	after	the	90
th
	day	after	the	Closing	Date,	the	amount	by	which	the	aggregate
Base	Residual	Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	that	are	Eligible	Leases	exceeds	the	Base	RV	Limit;
(v)
the	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	that	are	Eligible	Leases	that
cause	the	weighted	average	FICO	Score	of	all	Lessees	(or,	if	a	Lessee	is	an	entity,	the	natural	person	who	is	the	co-lessee
or	guarantor	under	the	applicable	Lease	and	an	owner	of	such	Lessee)	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	that	are	Eligible
Leases	to	be	less	than	the	WA	FICO	Limit;	in	determining	which	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	causes	such	weighted	average
FICO	Score	to	be	less	than	the	WA	FICO	Limit,	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	or	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	most	recently
originated	or	purchased	by	the	Trust	shall	be	treated	as	causing	such	breach;
(vi)
the	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	that	are	Eligible	Leases	with
respect	to	which	the	FICO	Score	of	the	related	Lessee	(or,	if	a	Lessee	is	an	entity,	the	natural	person	who	is	the	co-lessee
or	guarantor	under	the	applicable	Lease	and	an	owner	of	such	Lessee)	of	such	Eligible	Leases	is	less	than	the	Minimum
FICO	Limit	Score	exce
eds	the	Minimum	FICO	Limit;
(vii)	the	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	originated	in	any	state	(other	than
California)	that	are	Eligible	Leases	exceeds	the	Single	State	(Non-CA)	Limit;
(viii)
if	such	date	is	on	or	after	the	90
th
	day	after	the	Closing	Date,	the	aggregate	Securitization	Value
of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	originated	in	the	State	of	California	that	are	Eligible	Leases	exceeds	the	Single	State	(CA)
Limit;	and
(ix)
the	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	that	are	Extended	Leases
exceeds	the	Extended	Lease	Limit.
“
Excess	Mileage	Fee
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Lease	or	Leased	Vehicle,	any	applicable	charge	for
excess	mileage.
“
Excess	Wear	and	Tear	Fee
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Lease	or	Leased	Vehicle,	any	applicable
charge	for	excess	wear	and	tear.
-15-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Excluded	Taxes
”	shall	mean	any	of	the	following	Taxes	imposed	on	or	with	respect	to	a	Recipient	or
required	to	be	withheld	or	deducted	from	a	payment	to	a	Recipient,	(a)	Taxes	imposed	on	or	measured	by	net	income
(however	denominated),	franchise	Taxes,	and	branch	profits	Taxes,	in	each	case,	(i)	imposed	as	a	result	of	such	Recipient
being	organized	under	the	laws	of,	or	having	its	principal	office	or,	in	the	case	of	any	Lender,	its	applicable	lending	office
located	in,	the	jurisdiction	imposing	such	Tax	(or	any	political	subdivision	thereof)	or	(ii)	that	are	Other	Connection	Taxes,
(b)	U.S.	federal	withholding	Taxes	imposed	on	amounts	payable	to	or	for	the	account	of	such	Recipient	with	respect	to	an
interest	in	a	Loan	or	Commitment	(or	its	interest	as	an	agent	hereunder)	pursuant	to	a	law	in	effect	on	the	date	on	which	(i)
such	Recipient	acquires	such	interest	in	the	Loan	or	Commitment	(or	agency	interest)	or	(ii)	such	Recipient	changes	its
lending	office,	except	in	each	case	to	the	extent	that,	pursuant	to	
Section	11.02
,	amounts	with	respect	to	such	Taxes	were
payable	either	to	such	Recipient's	assignor	immediately	before	such	Lender	became	a	party	hereto	or	to	such	Recipient
immediately	before	it	changed	its	lending	office,	(c)	Taxes	attributable	to	such	Recipient’s	failure	to	comply	with	
Section
11.02(f)
	and	(d)	any	Taxes	imposed	under	FATCA.
“
Extended	Lease
”	shall	mean	an	Eligible	Lease	as	to	which	the	original	Lease	Maturity	Date	has	been
extended.
“
Extended	Lease	Limit
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Amended	and	Restated	Fee	Letter.
“
Facility	Limit
”	shall	mean,	initially,	$1,100,000,000,	and	thereafter,	such	amount	may	be	increased	or
decreased	from	time	to	time	in	accordance	with	
Section	2.11
	and	
Section	2.12
	or	terminated	in	accordance	with	
Section
8.02
	or	
Section	12.01
.
“
FATCA
”	shall	mean	Sections	1471	through	1474	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	as	of	the	date	of	this
Agreement	(or	any	amended	or	successor	version	that	is	substantively	comparable	and	not	materially	more	onerous	to
comply	with),	any	current	or	future	regulations	or	official	interpretations	thereof,	any	agreements	entered	into	pursuant	to
Section	1471(b)(1)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	any	published	intergovernmental	agreement	entered	into	in	connection
with	the	implementation	of	such	sections	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code	and	any	fiscal	or	regulatory	legislation	adopted
pursuant	to	such	published	intergovernmental	agreements.
“
Fee	Letter
”	shall	mean	the	Fee	Letter	dated	as	of	December	27,	2018	among	the	Borrower,	the
Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders.
“
FICO	Score
”	shall	mean	statistical	credit	scores	based	on	methodology	developed	by	Fair,	Isaac	&
Company,	and	which	are	obtained	by	lenders	in	connection	with	lease	applications	to	help	assess	a	lessee’s
creditworthiness.
“
Financial	Asset
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	Section	8-102(a)(9)	of	the	UCC	(or	other	section	of
similar	content	of	the	Relevant	UCC).
“
Finco	Warehouse
”	shall	mean	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	dated	as	of	August	17,	2017	among	the
LML	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC,	TFL,	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	administrative	agent	and	the	lenders	and	group
agents	party	thereto,	as	amended	from	time	to	time.
“
Foreign	Lender
”	shall	mean	a	Lender	that	is	not	a	U.S.	Person.
-16-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
GAAP
”	shall	mean	generally	accepted	accounting	principles	set	forth	in	the	opinions	and	pronouncements
of	the	Accounting	Principles	Board	of	the	American	Institute	of	Certified	Public	Accountants	and	statements	and
pronouncements	of	the	Financial	Accounting	Standards	Board	or	in	such	other	statements	or	pronouncements	by	such
other	entity	as	approved	by	a	significant	segment	of	the	accounting	profession,	which	are	in	effect	from	time	to	time.
“
Governmental	Authority
”	shall	mean	any	nation	or	government,	any	state,	county,	city,	town,	district,
board,	bureau,	office	commission,	any	other	municipality	or	other	political	subdivision	thereof	(including	any	educational
facility,	utility	or	other	Person	operated	thereby),	and	any	agency,	department	or	other	entity	exercising	executive,
legislative,	judicial,	regulatory	or	administrative	functions	of	or	pertaining	to	government.
“
Group
”	shall	mean,	for	any	Committed	Lender,	Conduit	Lender	or	Group	Agent	from	time	to	time	party
hereto,	(a)	in	the	case	of	any	Committed	Lender,	such	Committed	Lender,	its	Related	Conduit	Lender(s)	(if	any)	and	its
Group	Agent,	(b)	in	the	case	of	any	Conduit	Lender,	such	Conduit	Lender,	its	Related	Committed	Lender’s	other	Related
Conduit	Lender(s)	(if	any),	its	Related	Committed	Lender	and	its	Group	Agent	and	(c)	in	the	case	of	any	Group	Agent,	such
Group	Agent	and	the	Committed	Lender	and	Conduit	Lender(s)	(if	any)	for	whom	such	Group	Agent	acts	as	agent
hereunder.
“
Group	Agent
”	shall	mean	each	Person	acting	as	agent	on	behalf	of	a	Group	and	designated	as	the	Group
Agent	for	such	Group	on	the	signature	pages	to	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Person	who	becomes	a	party	to	this
Agreement	as	a	Group	Agent	for	any	Group	pursuant	to	an	Assumption	Agreement,	an	Assignment	and	Acceptance
Agreement	or	otherwise	in	accordance	with	this	Agreement.
“
Group	Agent	Account
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Group,	the	account(s)	designated	in	writing	by	the
applicable	Group	Agent	to	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer	and	the	Administrative	Agent	for	purposes	of	receiving	payments	to
or	for	the	account	of	the	members	of	such	Group	hereunder.
“
Guarantee
”	shall	mean,	as	to	any	Person,	any	obligation,	contingent	or	otherwise,	of	such	Person	directly
or	indirectly	guaranteeing	any	Debt	of	any	other	Person	and,	without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing,	any
obligation,	direct	or	indirect,	contingent	or	otherwise,	of	such	Person	(i)	to	purchase	or	pay	(or	advance	or	supply	funds	for
the	purchase	or	payment	of)	such	Debt	(whether	arising	by	virtue	of	partnership	arrangements,	by	agreement	to	keep-well,
to	purchase	assets,	goods,	securities	or	services,	to	take-or-pay,	or	to	maintain	financial	statement	conditions	or	otherwise),
or	(ii)	entered	into	for	the	purpose	of	assuring	in	any	other	manner	the	obligee	of	such	Debt	the	payment	thereof	or	to
protect	such	obligee	against	loss	in	respect	thereof	(in	whole	or	in	part);	
provided
	that	the	term	“Guarantee”	shall	not
include	endorsements	for	collection	or	deposit	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business.		The	term	“Guarantee”	used	as	a	verb	has
a	corresponding	meaning.
“
Indemnified	Amounts
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	11.01
.
“
Indemnified	Parties
”	shall	mean	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents,	the	Lenders,	the	Paying
Agent,	the	Affected	Persons	and	their	respective	assigns	(if	such	assign	is	permitted	under	the	Transaction	Documents),
officers,	directors,	agents	and	employees.
“
Indemnified	Taxes
”	shall	mean	(a)	Taxes,	other	than	Excluded	Taxes,	imposed	on	or	with	respect	to	any
payment	made	by	or	on	account	of	any	obligation	of	the	Borrower	hereunder	and	(b)	to	the	extent	not	otherwise	described
in	(a),	Other	Taxes.
-17-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Initial	Loan	Balance
”	shall	mean	the	principal	amount	of	the	initial	Loans	made	by	the	Lenders	to	the
Borrower	on	the	Initial	Loan	Date.
“
Initial	Loan	Date
”	shall	mean	the	first	Business	Day	on	which	Leases	are	allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI
and	the	Lenders	fund	the	initial	Loans	under	this	Agreement.
“
Insurance	Expenses
”	shall	mean	any	Insurance	Proceeds	(i)	applied	to	the	repair	of	the	related
Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicle,	or	(ii)	released	to	the	related	Lessee	in	accordance	with	applicable	law.
“
Insurance	Policy
”	shall	mean	any	insurance	policy	(including	any	self-insurance),	including	any	residual
value	insurance	policy,	guaranteed	automobile	protection	policy,	comprehensive,	collision,	public	liability,	physical	damage,
personal	liability,	contingent	and	excess	liability,	accident,	health,	credit,	life	or	unemployment	insurance	or	any	other	form
of	insurance	or	self‑insurance,	to	the	extent	that	any	such	policy	or	self‑insurance	covers	or	applies	to	the	Trust,	the
Warehouse	SUBI,	any	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease,	any	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicle,	any	Lease	or	the	ability	of	a	Lessee	to
make	required	payments	with	respect	to	the	related	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	or	the	related	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased
Vehicle.
“
Insurance	Proceeds
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicle,	Warehouse	SUBI
Lease	or	Lessee,	amounts	paid	to	the	Servicer,	the	Trust	or	a	Trustee	on	behalf	of	the	Trust	under	an	Insurance	Policy	and
any	rights	thereunder	or	proceeds	therefrom	(including	any	self‑insurance	or	applicable	deductible).
“
Interest
”	shall	mean,	for	any	Interest	Period	(or	portion	thereof),	the	amount	of	interest	accrued	on	the
Loan	Balance	during	such	Interest	Period	(or	portion	thereof)	in	accordance	with	
Section	2.02
.
“
Interest	Carryover	Shortfall
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Payment	Date,	the	sum	of	(a)	the	excess	of
(i)	the	Interest	Distributable	Amount	for	the	preceding	Payment	Date	over	(ii)	the	amount	that	was	actually	paid	to	the
Lenders	in	respect	of	Interest,	Usage	Fee	Amount	and	Unused	Fee	Amount	on	such	preceding	Payment	Date,	and
(b)	interest	on	such	excess,	to	the	extent	permitted	by	applicable	law,	by	reference	to	the	Default	Rate	for	the	period	from
such	preceding	Payment	Date	to	but	excluding	the	current	Payment	Date.
“
Interest	Distributable	Amount
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Payment	Date,	an	amount	equal	to	the	sum
of	(i)	the	aggregate	amount	of	Interest,	Usage	Fee	Amount	and	Unused	Fee	Amount	accrued	during	the	related	Interest
Period	and	(ii)	the	Interest	Carryover	Shortfall	for	such	Payment	Date.
“
Interest	Period
”	shall	mean	each	period	commencing	on	the	first	day	of	each	calendar	month	(or,	in	the
case	of	the	initial	Interest	Period	hereunder,	the	Closing	Date)	and	ending	on	the	last	day	of	such	calendar	month	(or	in	the
case	of	the	initial	Interest	Period,	the	last	day	of	December,	2018,	or	in	the	case	of	the	final	Interest	Period	hereunder,	the
final	Payment	Date).
“
Interest	Rate
”	shall	mean,	for	any	day	during	any	Interest	Period	for	any	Loan	(or	any	portion	thereof):
(i)
if	such	Loan	(or	such	portion	thereof)	is	being	funded	by	a	Conduit	Lender	on	such	day	through	the
issuance	of	Short-Term	Notes,	the	applicable	Short-Term	Note	Rate;	or
-18-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(ii)
if	such	Loan	(or	such	portion	thereof)	is	being	funded	on	such	day	by	any	Lender	other	than	a
Conduit	Lender,	or	by	a	Conduit	Lender	other	than	through	the	issuance	of	Short-Term	Notes	(including	if	a	Conduit
Lender	is	then	funding	such	Loan	(or	such	portion	thereof)	under	a	Program	Support	Agreement	or	if	a	Committed	Lender
is	then	funding	such	Loan	(or	such	portion	thereof)),	the	applicable	Bank	Interest	Rate.
“
Interest	Rate	Hedge
”	shall	mean	interest	rate	swap	or	interest	rate	cap	transactions	between	the
Borrower	and	one	or	more	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Providers	which	satisfies	the	definition	of	Eligible	Interest	Rate
Hedge.
“
Interest	Rate	Hedge	Payment
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge	and	any	Payment	Date,
any	net	amount	required	to	be	paid	(other	than	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Termination	Payment)	under	such	Interest	Rate
Hedge	by	the	Borrower	to	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge	provider	in	respect	of	such	Payment	Date.
“
Interest	Rate	Hedge	Provider
”	means	any	Person	that	has	entered	into	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge	with	the
Borrower.
“
Interest	Rate	Hedge	Receipt
”	shall	mean	any	net	payment	made	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection
Account	by	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge	provider	pursuant	to	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge.
“
Interest	Rate	Hedge	Termination	Payment
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge,	the
payment	due	by	the	Borrower	to	the	related	Interest	Rate	Hedge	provider	or	by	such	Interest	Rate	Hedge	provider	to	the
Borrower,	including	any	interest	that	may	accrue	thereon,	upon	the	occurrence	of	an	“early	termination	date”	under	such
Interest	Rate	Hedge.
“
Interest	Rate	Hedge	Trigger	Event
”	shall	mean	the	Eurodollar	Rate	is	greater	than	2.5%	
per
	
annum
	for	a
period	of	five	consecutive	Business	Days	(measured	at	the	close	of	each	such	Business	Day).
“
Internal	Revenue	Code
”	shall	mean	the	U.S.	Internal	Revenue	Code	of	1986.
“
Lease
”	shall	mean	any	lease	contract	for	a	Leased	Vehicle	entered	into	for	or	by	the	Trust	or	a	Trustee	on
behalf	of	the	Trust.
“[***]”	shall	mean	[***],	an	[***]	corporation.
“[***]
	Subservicing	Agreement
”	shall	mean	the	Servicing	Agreement	dated	as	of	December	18,	2013
between	[***]	as	subservicer	and	the	Servicer.
“
Lease	Documents
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	each	Lease,	(i)	the	Lease	(the	electronic	authoritative	copy
being	held	in	the	Electronic	Lease	Vault),	(ii)	any	documentation	of	the	Lessee’s	insurance	coverage	customarily	aintained
by	the	Servicer,	(iii)	a	copy	of	the	application	or	application	information	of	the	related	Lessee,	together	with	supporting
information	customarily	maintained	by	the	Servicer	which	may	include	the	following:	factory	invoices	related	to	new
vehicles,	credit	scoring	information	or	Trust	purchase	documentation,	and	odometer	statements	required	by	applicable	law,
(iv)	the	original	Certificate	of	Title	(or	a	copy	of	the	application	therefor	if	the	Certificate	of	Title	has	not	yet	been	delivered
by	the	applicable	Registrar	of	Titles)	or	such	other	documents,	if	any,	that	the	Servicer	keeps	on	file	in	accordance	with	its
customary	practices	indicating	that	title	to	the	related	Leased	Vehicle	is	in	the	name	of	the	Trust	(or	such	other	name	as
directed	by	the	Servicer	pursuant	to	Section	1(d)	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement),	and	(v)	any	and	all	other
-19-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
documents	that	the	Servicer	keeps	on	file	in	accordance	with	its	customary	practices	related	to	such	Lease	or	the	related
Leased	Vehicle	or	Lessee,	including	any	written	agreements	modifying	such	Lease	(including	any	extension
agreements).		Any	of	the	items	set	forth	in	(i)	through	(v)	may	be	photocopies	or	other	images	thereof	(including	in
electronic	form)	that	the	Servicer	may	keep	on	file	in	accordance	with	its	customary	servicing	procedures.
“
Lease	Implicit	Rate
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Lease,	the	annual	rate	of	finance	charges	used	to
determine	the	periodic	rental	payments	stated	in	such	Lease.
“
Lease	Maturity	Date
”	shall	mean	with	respect	to	any	Lease,	the	date	on	which	such	Lease	is	scheduled	to
terminate	as	set	forth	in	such	Lease	at	its	date	of	origination,	as	such	date	may	be	extended.
“
Lease	Origination	Agreement
”	shall	mean	an	agreement	between	TFL	and	Tesla,	Inc.	or	a	Subsidiary	of
Tesla,	Inc.	under	which	Tesla,	Inc.	or	such	Subsidiary	originates	Leases	for	the	Trust,	as	the	designee	of	TFL.
“
Lease	Pool
”	shall	mean	the	Leases	allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	on	any	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease
Allocation	Date.
“
Lease
	
Pull-Forward
”	shall	mean,	as	of	any	date,	any	Lease	that	has	been	terminated	by	the	related	Lessee
before	the	related	Lease	Maturity	Date	under	any	“pull-forward”,	“pull-ahead”	or	other	marketing	program	in	order	to
allow	such	Lessee,	among	other	things,	(i)	to	enter	into	a	new	lease	contract	for	a	new	Tesla	vehicle,	or	(ii)	to	purchase	a
new	Tesla	vehicle;	
provided
	that	the	Lessee	is	not	in	default	on	any	of	its	obligations	under	the	related	Lease.
“
Leased	Vehicle
”	shall	mean	a	Tesla	automobile,	together	with	all	accessories,	parts	and	additions
constituting	a	part	thereof,	and	all	accessions	thereto,	leased	to	a	Lessee	pursuant	to	a	Lease.
“
Lender	Party
”	shall	mean	any	Lender,	any	Group	Agent,	the	Administrative	Agent	or	any	Program	Support
Provider.
“
Lenders
”	shall	mean	the	Conduit	Lenders	and	the	Committed	Lenders.
“
Lessee
”	shall	mean	each	Person	that	is	a	lessee	under	a	Lease,	including	any	Person	that	executes	a
guarantee	on	behalf	of	such	lessee.
“
Lessor
”	shall	mean	the	Trust,	as	lessor	under	a	Lease.
“
LIBOR	Business	Day
”	shall	mean	any	day	of	the	year	other	than	a	Saturday,	Sunday	or	any	day	on	which
banking	institutions	in	San	Francisco,	California,	New	York,	New	York	or	London,	England	generally	are	required	or
authorized	to	be	closed.
“
Lien
”	shall	mean	any	security	interest,	lien,	charge,	pledge,	equity	or	encumbrance	of	any	kind,	other
than	tax	liens,	mechanics’	liens,	any	liens	that	attach	to	property	by	operation	of	law	and	statutory	purchase	liens	to	the
extent	not	past	due.
-20-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Limited	Liability	Company	Agreement
”	shall	mean	the	Limited	Liability	Company	Agreeme
nt	of	the
Borrower	dated	as	of	
December	27
,	2018
.
“
Liquidation	Expenses
”	shall	mean	reasonable	out-of-pocket	expenses	(not	to	exceed,	for	any	vehicle,	the
Liquidation	Proceeds	for	such	vehicle)	incurred	by	the	Servicer	in	connection	with	the	attempted	realization	of	the	full
amounts	due	or	to	become	due	under	any	Lease,	including	expenses	of	any	collection	effort	(whether	or	not	resulting	in	a
lawsuit	against	the	Lessee	under	such	Lease)	or	other	expenses	incurred	prior	to	repossession,	recovery	or	return	of	the
Leased	Vehicle,	expenses	incurred	in	connection	with	the	sale	or	other	disposition	of	a	Leased	Vehicle	that	has	been
repossessed	or	recovered	or	has	become	a	Terminated	Lease	and	expenses	incurred	in	connection	with	making	claims
under	any	related	Insurance	Policy.
“
Liquidation	Proceeds
”	shall	mean	gross	amounts	received	by	the	Servicer	(including	Excess	Mileage	Fees,
Excess	Wear	and	Tear	Fees	and	sales	proceeds	referred	to	in	clause	(i)	of	the	definition	of	Off-Lease	Net	Liquidation
Proceeds)	in	connection	with	the	attempted	realization	of	the	full	amounts	due	or	to	become	due	under	any	Lease	and	of
the	full	value	of	the	related	Leased	Vehicle,	whether	from	the	sale	or	other	disposition	of	the	related	Leased	Vehicle
(irrespective	of	whether	or	not	such	proceeds	exceed	the	related	Base	Residual	Value),	the	proceeds	of	any	repossession,
recovery	or	collection	effort,	the	proceeds	of	recourse	or	similar	payments	payable	under	the	related	Lease	Origination
Agreement,	receipt	of	Insurance	Proceeds,	application	of	the	related	Security	Deposit,	the	proceeds	of	any	disposition	fees
or	otherwise.
“
Liquidity	Agent
”	shall	mean	any	Person	acting	as	the	administrator,	administrative	agent,	program
administrator	or	in	any	similar	capacity	with	respect	to	a	Conduit	Lender’s	Short-Term	Note	issuance	program.
“
Liquidity	Agreement
”	shall	mean	any	agreement	entered	into	in	connection	with	this	Agreement	pursuant
to	which	a	Liquidity	Provider	agrees	to	make	purchases	or	advances	to,	or	purchase	assets	from,	a	Conduit	Lender	in	order
to	provide	liquidity	for	such	Conduit	Lender’s	interests	hereunder.
“
Liquidity	Provider
”	shall	mean	each	bank	or	other	financial	institution	that	provides	liquidity	support	to	a
Conduit	Lender	pursuant	to	a	Liquidity	Agreement.
“
Loan
”	shall	mean	a	loan	made	under	this	Agreement	by	a	Lender	to	the	Borrower.
“
Loan	Balance
”	shall	mean	at	any	time	the	outstanding	principal	amount	of	all	Loans.
“
Loan	Increase	Date
”	shall	mean,	(i)	with	respect	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets	allocated	to	the
Warehouse	SUBI	on	the	Initial	Loan	Date,	the	Initial	Loan	Date,	and	(ii)	with	respect	to	any	subsequent	Loan,	the	date	on
which	such	Loan	is	made	pursuant	to	
Section	2.01(b)
	and	
5.02
.
“
Loan	Maturity	Date
”	shall	mean	the	Payment	Date	in	September	2020.
“
Loan	Request
”	shall	mean	a	loan	request	in	substantially	the	form	of	
Exhibit	A
	to	this	Agreement.
“
Mark	to	Market	Adjustment	Date
”	shall	mean	(i)	the	last	day	of	each	of	February,	May,	August	and
November,	commencing	on	February	28,	2019,	(ii)	during	the	continuance	of	an	Event	of	Bankruptcy	with	respect	to	Tesla,
Inc.	or	TFL,	the	last	day	of	the	month	on	which	such	Event	of	Bankruptcy	occurs,	and	the	last	day	of	every	second	month
thereafter	and	(iii)		the	last	day	of	any	month	in	which	a	Servicer	Default	described	in	clauses	(h)	or	(i)	of	the	definition
thereof	shall	have	occurred	and	is	continuing.
-21-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual	Value
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicle
and	the	related	Lease,	as	of	any	date,	the	
lesser	of	(i)
	
the	
expected	value	of	such	Leased	Vehicle	at	the	related	Lease
Maturity	Date	using	a	residual	value	estimate	produced	by	
Automotive	Lease	Guide	
(assuming	that	the	vehicle	is	in
“average”	condition)	based	on	the	“Maximum	Residualizable	MSRP,”	which	consists	of	the	MSRP	of	the	typically	equipped
vehicle	and	value	adding	options,	giving	only	partial	credit	or	no	credit	for	those	options	that	add	little	or	no	value	to	the
resale	price	of	the	vehicle,	calculated	as	of	
the	last	day	of	
the
	calendar	month	immediately	preceding	
the	most	recent
	Mark
to	Market	Adjustment	Date	prior	to	and,	if	applicable,	including	such	date
	and	(ii)	the	residual	value	estimate	produced	by
Automotive	Lease	Guide	(based	as	above)	calculated	as	of	the	contract	date	of	the	related	Lease
;	provided,	however,	that	if
the	contract	date	of	the	related	Lease	for	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	is	after	the	last	day	of	the	calendar	month	immediately
preceding	the	most	recent	Mark
	
to
	
Market	Adjustment	Date,	as	of	any	date,	then	the	
initial	
Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual
Value	for	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	shall	be
	equal	to	the	amount	in	clause	(ii)	above
;	
provided	further
,	
however
,	that	for
an	Extended	Lease	(a)	the	amount	in	clause	(ii)	above	shall	be	adjusted	downward	by	the	total	amount	of	additional
schedule
d
	principal	payments	in	the	extended	term	and	(b)	until	the	next	Mark	to	Market	Adjustment	Date	after	the	date
such	Lease	becomes	an	Extended	Lease,	the	amount	in	clause	(i)	above	shall	be	adjusted	downward	by	the	total	amount	of
additional	scheduled	principal	payments	in	the	extended	term
.
	
“
Material	Adverse	Effect
”	shall	mean	a	material	adverse	effect	on	(i)	the	financial	condition	or	operations
of	the	Tesla	Parties	and	TFL,	taken	as	a	whole,	(ii)	the	ability	of	any	Tesla	Party	or	TFL	to	perform	its	material	obligations
under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document,	(iii)	the	legality,	validity	or	enforceability	of	any	material
provision	of	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document,	(iv)	the	Administrative	Agent’s	security	interest	in	all	or
any	significant	portion	of	the	Collateral,	or	(v)	the	collectability	of	all	or	any	significant	portion	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Assets;	provided,	that,	for	purposes	of	clause	(i),	a	Material	Adverse	Effect	shall	not	include	effects	arising	out	of	acts	of
terrorism	or	war	or	the	escalation	or	worsening	thereof,	weather	conditions,	or	other	force	majeure	events.
“
Matured	Vehicle
”	as	of	any	date	shall	mean	any	Leased	Vehicle	the	related	Lease	of	which	has	reached	its
Lease	Maturity	Date,	which	Leased	Vehicle	has	been	returned	to	the	Servicer.
“
Maximum	Facility	Limit
”	shall	mean	$1,100,000,000,	as	such	amount	may	be	increased	or	reduced	from
time	to	time	in	accordance	with	
Section	2.11
	or	terminated	in	accordance	with	
Section	8.02
	and	
Section	12.01
.
“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Amount
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.11
.
“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Date
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.11
.
“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Notice
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.11
.
“Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Date
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.12
.
“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Notice
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.12
.
“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Amount
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.11
.
“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Date
”	shall	have	the	meaning	assigned	such	term	in	
Section	2.11
.
-22-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Notice
”	shall	have	the	meaning	assigned	such	term	in	
Section	2.11
.
“
Maximum	Loan	Balance
”	shall	mean,	as	of	any	date,	the	product	of:
(x)	the	Advance	Rate,
multiplied	by
(y)	the	amount	equal	to:
(A)	the	Securitization	Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	on	such	date	(determined	as	of	the	last
day	of	the	Settlement	Period	immediately	preceding	such	date	or,	with	respect	to	any	new	Lease	Pool	allocated	to	the
Warehouse	SUBI	on	such	date,	as	of	the	related	Cut-Off	Date),
minus
(B)	without	duplication,	the	sum	of	(1)	the	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI
Leases	that	are	Defaulted	Leases,	(2)	the	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	all	Terminated	Leases,	(3)	the	aggregate
Securitization	Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	that	are	Delinquent	Leases,	(4)	the	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	all
Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	that	are	not	Eligible	Leases,	(5)	the	Excess	Concentration	Amount	as	of	such	date,	(6)	the
aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	all	Designated	Ineligible	Leases	as	of	such	date,	and	(7)	the	aggregate	Securitization
Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	and/or	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicles	required	to	be	purchased	by	the	Servicer	or
required	to	be	reallocated	by	the	Borrower	to	the	TBM	SUBI	on	such	date,	to	the	extent	included	in	clause	(y)(A).
“
Member	State
”	shall	mean	a	member	state	of	the	European	Union.
“
Minimum	FICO	Limit
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
Minimum	FICO	Limit	Score
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
Monthly	Lease	Payment
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Lease,	the	amount	of	each	fixed	monthly
payment	payable	by	the	related	Lessee	in	accordance	with	the	terms	thereof,	net	of	any	portion	of	such	fixed	monthly
payment	that	represents	an	Administrative	Charge.
“
Monthly	Remittance	Condition
”	shall	mean	(i)	TFL	is	the	Servicer,	(ii)	no	Event	of	Default	or	Servicer
Default	has	occurred,	and	(iii)	TFL	has	the	Required	Ratings.
“
Moody’s
”	shall	mean	Moody’s	Investors	Service,	Inc.,	together	with	its	successors.
“
MSRP
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Leased	Vehicle,	the	manufacturer’s	suggested	retail	price.
“
Multiemployer	Plan
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Person,	a	“multiemployer	plan”	as	defined	in
Section	4001(a)(3)	of	ERISA	which	is	or	was	at	any	time	during	the	current	year	or	the	immediately	preceding	five	years
contributed	to	by	such	Person	or	any	of	its	ERISA	Affiliates	on	behalf	of	its	employees	and	which	is	covered	by	Title	IV	of
ERISA.
-23-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Net	Insurance	Proceeds
”	shall	mean	Insurance	Proceeds	net	of	related	Insurance	Expenses.
“
Net	Liquidation	Proceeds
”	shall	mean	Liquidation	Proceeds	net	of	related	Liquidation	Expenses.
“
Notice	of	Termination
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	8.02(a)
.
“
Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Sale	Agreement.
“
OFAC
”	shall	mean	the	U.S.	Department	of	the	Treasury’s	Office	of	Foreign	Assets	Control.
“
Official	Body
”	shall	mean	any	government	or	political	subdivision	or	any	agency,	authority,	bureau,
central	bank,	commission,	department	or	instrumentality	of	either,	or	any	court,	federal	or	state	regulatory	authority,
tribunal,	grand	jury	or	arbitrator,	in	each	case,	whether	foreign	or	domestic.
“
Off-Lease	Net	Liquidation	Proceeds
”	shall	mean	for	each	Terminated	Vehicle	sold	during	or	prior	to	any
Settlement	Period,	(i)	the	sales	proceeds	received	in	such	Settlement	Period	from	the	sale	of	the	Terminated	Vehicle,	minus
(ii)	related	Liquidation	Expenses.
“
Off-Lease	Residual	Value	Net	Liquidation	Proceeds
”	shall	mean,	for	each	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	that	has
reached	its	Turn	In	Date	during	any	of	the	three	consecutive	Settlement	Periods	ended	on	the	last	day	of	the	calendar
month	immediately	preceding	any	RVLR	Calculation	Date,	an	amount	equal	to	(i)	the	sum	of	(A)	the	proceeds	received
during	such	three	consecutive	Settlement	Periods	resulting	solely	from	the	sale	of	the	related	Leased	Vehicle	at	auction,	or
from	a	sale	to	the	related	Lessee,	but	excluding,	in	each	case,	any	such	proceeds	arising	from	a	sale	or	other	disposition	to
TFL	or	any	Affiliate	of	TFL	other	than	to	Tesla,	Inc.,	on	an	arms-length	basis,	or	advances	made	by,	TFL	or	any	Affiliate	of
TFL,	and	(B)	any	applicable	Excess	Wear	and	Tear	Fees	and	Excess	Mileage	Fees	received	during	such	three	consecutive
Settlement	Periods,	but	excluding	any	such	fees	paid	or	advanced	by	or	on	behalf	of	TFL	or	any	Affiliate	of	TFL,	
minus
	(ii)
any	reconditioning	expenses	related	to	the	foregoing.		Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	the	“Off-Lease	Residual	Value	Net
Liquidation	Proceeds”	of	any	Leased	Vehicle	the	Turn	In	Date	for	which	is	more	than	60	days	after	the	related	Lease
Maturity	Date	shall	be	zero.	For	the	avoidance	of	doubt,	“Off-Lease	Residual	Value	Net	Liquidation	Proceeds”	do	not	relate
to	(or	include)	any	Lease	that	has	reached	its	Turn	In	Date	if,	at	any	time	of	determination,	the	related	Leased	Vehicle	has
remained	in	TFL’s	auction	inventory.
“
Other	Connection	Taxes
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Recipient,	Taxes	imposed	as	a	result	of	a	present
or	former	connection	between	such	Recipient	and	the	jurisdiction	imposing	such	Tax	(other	than	connections	arising	solely
from	such	Recipient	having	executed,	delivered,	become	a	party	to,	performed	its	obligations	under,	received	payments
under,	received	or	perfected	a	security	interest	under,	engaged	in	any	other	transaction	pursuant	to	or	enforced	this
Agreement,	or	sold	or	assigned	an	interest	in	any	Loan	or	this	Agreement).
“
Other	Taxes
”	shall	mean	all	present	or	future	stamp,	court	or	documentary,	intangible,	recording,	filing	or
similar	Taxes	that	arise	from	any	payment	made	under,	from	the	execution,	delivery,	performance,	enforcement	or
registration	of,	from	the	receipt	or	perfection	of	a	security	interest	under,	or	otherwise	with	respect	to,	this	Agreement,
except	any	such	Taxes	that	are	Other	Connection	Taxes	imposed	with	respect	to	an	assignment.
“
Participant
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	12.10(g)
.
-24-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Participant	Register
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	12.10(h)
.
“
Paying	Agent
”	shall	mean	the	Person	appointed	as	such	pursuant	to	
Section	9.01
.
“
Paying	Agent	Account
”	shall	mean	the	account	with	such	name	established	and	maintained	pursuant	to
Section	2.06
.
“
Payments	Ahead
”	shall	mean	any	payment	of	all	or	a	part	of	one	or	more	Monthly	Lease	Payments
remitted	by	a	Lessee	with	respect	to	a	Lease	in	excess	of	the	Monthly	Lease	Payment	due	with	respect	to	such	Lease,	which
amount	the	Lessee	has	instructed	the	Servicer	to	apply	to	Monthly	Lease	Payments	due	in	one	or	more	subsequent
Settlement	Periods;	
provided
,	
however
,	that	Payments	Ahead	shall	exclude	Pull-Forward	Payments.
“
Payment	Date
”	shall	mean	the	twentieth	(20
th
)	day	of	each	calendar	month	or,	if	such	day	is	not	a
Business	Day,	the	next	succeeding	Business	Day,	commencing	on	January	22,	2019.
“
Payoff	Date
”	shall	mean	the	first	date	following	the	Termination	Date	on	which	the	Loan	Balance	has	been
indefeasibly	reduced	to	zero	and	all	accrued	Interest,	Usage	Fee	Amount,	Unused	Fee	Amount	and	all	other	Secured
Obligations	have	been	indefeasibly	paid	in	full.
“
PBGC
”	shall	mean	the	Pension	Benefit	Guaranty	Corporation	and	any	entity	succeeding	to	any	or	all	of	its
functions	under	ERISA.
“
Percentage
”	shall	mean,	at	any	time	with	respect	to	any	Committed	Lender,	a	fraction	(expressed	as	a
percentage),	(a)	the	numerator	of	which	is	(i)	prior	to	the	termination	of	all	Commitments	hereunder,	its	Commitment
Amount	at	such	time	or	(ii)	if	all	Commitments	hereunder	have	been	terminated,	the	aggregate	principal	amount	of	all
Loans	being	funded	by	the	Lenders	in	such	Committed	Lender’s	Group	at	such	time,	and	(b)	the	denominator	of	which	is	(i)
prior	to	the	termination	of	all	Commitments	hereunder,	the	aggregate	Commitment	Amounts	of	all	Committed	Lenders	at
such	time	or	(ii)	if	all	Commitments	hereunder	have	been	terminated,	the	aggregate	principal	amount	of	all	Loans	at	such
time.
“
Permitted	Account
”	shall	mean	each	demand	deposit	or	other	account	approved	by	the	Administrative
Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	and	maintained	in	the	United	States	with	a	bank	for	depositing	payments	made	by	(or	on
behalf	of)	Lessees	including	payments	made	by	wire	transfer	or	other	methods	of	electronic	payment	or	transfer.
“
Permitted	Lockbox
”	shall	mean	a	post	office	box	approved	by	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group
Agent	and	located	in	the	United	States	maintained	by	a	bank	for	the	purpose	of	receiving	payments	made	by	(or	on	behalf
of)	the	Lessees.
“
Person
”	shall	mean	any	legal	person,	including	any	individual,	corporation,	partnership,	joint	venture,
association,	limited	liability	company,	joint	stock	company,	trust,	business	trust,	bank,	trust	company,	estate	(including	any
beneficiaries	thereof),	unincorporated	organization	or	government	or	any	agency	or	political	subdivision	thereof.
-25-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Plan
”	shall	mean	a	“defined	benefit	plan”	(as	defined	in	Section	3(35)	of	ERISA),	which	is	subject	to	Title
IV	of	ERISA	or	Section	412	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code	(other	than	a	Multiemployer	Plan)	with	respect	to	which	the
Borrower	or	any	of	its	ERISA	Affiliates	was	an	“employer”	(as	defined	in	Section	3(5)	of	ERISA)	during	the	current	year	or
immediately	preceding	five	years.
“
Pool	Cut	Report
”	shall	mean	a	report	substantially	in	the	form	of	
Exhibit	E
	hereto.
“
Portfolio	Performance	Condition
”	shall	mean,	on	any	date	of	determination,	the	occurrence	of	any	one	or
more	of	the	following	events:
(i)
the	annualized	average	of	the	Delinquency	Ratios	for	any	three	(3)	consecutive	Settlement	Periods
shall	exceed	
[***]%;	or
(ii)
the	
Residual	Value	Loss	Ratio,	as	of	any	Statistically	Significant	RVLR	Calculation	Date	shall	be
greater	than	[***]%;	or
(iii)
the	annualized	average	of	the	Credit	Loss	Ratios	for	the	three	(3)	most	recent	Settlement	Periods
shall	exceed	
[***]%;
provided
,	
however
,	that	a	Portfolio	Performance	Condition	shall	no	longer	be	deemed	to	be	continuing	if:
(x)
with	respect	to	the	Portfolio	Performance	Condition	referred	to	in	clause	(i),	the	annualized
average	of	the	Delinquency	Ratios	for	the	three	(3)	most	recent	consecutive	Settlement	Periods	subsequent	to	the
occurrence	of	such	Condition	shall	be	less	than	or	equal	to	
[***]%,
(y)
with	respect	to	the	Portfolio	Performance	Condition	referred	to	in	clause	(ii),	the	
Residual	Value
Loss	Ratio	as	of	the	first	Statistically	Significant	RVLR	Calculation	Date	subsequent	to	the	occurrence	of	such	Condition
shall	be	less	than	or	equal	to	[***]%,
(z)
with	respect	to	the	Portfolio	Performance	Condition	referred	to	in	clause	(iii),	the	annualized
average	of	the	Credit	Loss	Ratios	for	the	three	(3)	most	recent	Settlement	Periods	subsequent	to	the	occurrence	of	such
Condition	shall	be	less	than	or	equal	to	
[***]%.
“
Potential	Servicer	Default
”	shall	mean	an	event	which,	but	for	the	lapse	of	time	or	the	giving	of	notice,	or
both,	would	constitute	a	Servicer	Default.
“
Prepayment
”	shall	mean	payment	by	a	Lessee	or	other	obligor	in	connection	with	an	early	termination	of
a	Lease.
“
Prime	Rate
”	shall	mean,	as	of	any	date	of	determination,	a	
per	annum
	rate	equal	to	the	“Prime	Rate”
listed	in	“Money	Rates”	section	of	
The	Wall	Street	Journal	(Northeast	edition),	
changing	when	and	as	such	rate	changes.
“
Principal	Carryover	Shortfall
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Payment	Date,	the	excess	of	the	Principal
Distributable	Amount	for	the	preceding	Payment	Date	over	the	amount	that	was	actually	paid	to	the	Lenders	in	reduction	of
the	Loan	Balance	on	such	preceding	Payment	Date,	plus	interest	thereon	at	the	Default	Rate	for	the	period	from	the
preceding	Payment	Date	to	such	Payment	Date.
-26-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Principal	Distributable	Amount
”	shall	mean,	for	any	Payment	Date,	the	aggregate	amount	of	principal
payable	on	the	Loans,	equal	to	the	sum	of	(i)	the	Principal	Distribution	Amount	and	(ii)	the	Principal	Carryover	Shortfall	for
such	Payment	Date.		Notwithstanding	the	above,	the	Principal	Distributable	Amount	shall	not	exceed	the	Loan	Balance.
“
Principal	Distribution	Amount
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Payment	Date:
(i)
with	respect	to	any	Payment	Date	that	is	not	during	a	Turbo	Amortization	Period,	the	amount	(if
any)	by	which	the	Loan	Balance	(before	giving	effect	to	any	payment	pursuant	to	
Section	2.04(c)
	in	respect	thereof	on	such
Payment	Date,	but	after	giving	effect	to	any	increase	in	respect	thereof	if	such	Payment	Date	is	a	Loan	Increase	Date)
exceeds	the	Maximum	Loan	Balance	for	such	Payment	Date;	or
(ii)
with	respect	to	any	Payment	Date	during	a	Turbo	Amortization	Period,	all	remaining	Available
Amounts	after	giving	effect	to	the	payments	pursuant	to	Sections	2.04(c)(i)	through	(v)	on	such	Payment	Date.
“
Proceeds
”	shall	mean	“proceeds”	as	defined	in	Section	9-102(a)	of	the	UCC	(or	other	section	of	similar
content	of	the	Relevant	UCC).
“
Program	Support	Agreement
”	shall	mean	any	Liquidity	Agreement	and	any	other	agreement	entered	into
by	any	Program	Support	Provider	providing	for:	(a)	the	issuance	of	one	or	more	letters	of	credit	for	the	account	of	a
Conduit	Lender,	(b)	the	issuance	of	one	or	more	surety	bonds	for	which	a	Conduit	Lender	is	obligated	to	reimburse	the
applicable	Program	Support	Provider	for	any	drawings	thereunder,	(c)	the	sale	by	any	Conduit	Lender	to	any	Program
Support	Provider	of	any	Loan	(or	portions	thereof	or	participation	interest	therein)	and/or	(d)	the	making	of	loans	and/or
other	extensions	of	credit	to	a	Conduit	Lender	in	connection	with	such	Conduit	Lender’s	Short-Term	Note	issuance
program,	together	with	any	letter	of	credit,	surety	bond	or	other	instrument	issued	thereunder.
“
Program	Support	Provider
”	shall	mean	any	Liquidity	Agent,	any	Liquidity	Provider	and	any	other	Person
now	or	hereafter	extending	credit	or	having	a	commitment	to	extend	credit	to	or	for	the	account	of,	or	to	make	purchases
from,	a	Conduit	Lender	pursuant	to	any	Program	Support	Agreement.
“
Pull-Forward	Payment
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Lease	Pull-Forward,	the	Monthly	Lease	Payments
not	yet	due	with	respect	to	the	affected	Lease.
“
Quarterly	Report	Date
”	shall	mean	the	Determination	Date	in	each	of	the	months	of	March,	June,
September	and	December.
“
Rating	Agency
”	shall	mean	S&P,	Moody’s,	Fitch	Inc.,	DBRS,	Inc.,	Kroll	Bond	Rating	Agency,	or	any	other
nationally	recognized	statistical	rating	organization.
“
Reallocation	Proceeds
”	shall	mean	(a)	the	proceeds	allocated	from	the	TBM	SUBI	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI
in	connection	with	a	Securitization	Take-Out	(if	any),	or	(b)	the	payment	by	TBM	(or	by	TFL	on	TBM’s	behalf	pursuant	to
Section	3.1A(c)	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement)	in	connection	with	the	reallocation	of	any	Lease	from	the
Warehouse	SUBI	to	the	TBM	SUBI	(such	payment	to	be	not	less	than	the	Securitization	Value	of	such	Lease)	arising	from	a
breach	of	TBM’s	statements	and	representations	made	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement.
-27-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Recipient
”	shall	mean	(a)	the	Administrative	Agent,	(b)	each	Group	Agent	and	(c)	each	Lender.
“
Recommenced	TFL	Facility	Borrowing	Date
”	shall	mean	the	first	TFL	Loan	Increase	Date	to	occur	after
the	Closing	Date.
“
Register
”	shall	have	the	meaning	set	forth	in	
Section	12.10
.
“
Regulatory	Requirement
”	shall	mean	(i)	the	adoption	after	the	date	hereof	of	any	applicable	law,	rule	or
regulation	(including	any	applicable	law,	rule	or	regulation	regarding	capital	adequacy	or	liquidity	coverage)	or	any	change
therein	after	the	date	hereof,	(ii)	any	change	after	the	date	hereof	in	the	interpretation	or	administration	thereof	by	any
governmental	authority,	central	bank	or	comparable	agency	charged	with	the	interpretation	or	administration	thereof,	or
compliance	with	any	request	or	directive	(whether	or	not	having	the	force	of	law)	of	any	such	authority,	central	bank	or
comparable	agency;	
provided
	that	for	purposes	of	this	definition,	(x)	the	United	States	bank	regulatory	rule	titled	
Risk-
Based	Capital	Guidelines;	Capital	Adequacy	Guidelines;	Capital	Maintenance:	Regulatory	Capital;	Impact	of	Modification	to
Generally	Accepted	Accounting	Principles;	Consolidation	of	Asset-Backed	Commercial	Paper	Programs;	and	Other	Related
Issues
,	adopted	on	December	15,	2009,	(y)	the	Dodd-Frank	Wall	Street	Reform	and	Consumer	Protection	Act	and	all
requests,	rules,	guidelines	or	directives	thereunder,	issued	in	connection	therewith	or	in	implementation	thereof,	and	(z)	all
requests,	rules,	guidelines	and	directives	promulgated	by	the	Bank	for	International	Settlements,	the	Basel	Committee	on
Banking	Supervision	(or	any	successor	or	similar	authority)	or	the	United	States	or	foreign	regulatory	authorities,	shall	in
each	case	be	deemed	to	be	a	“Regulatory	Requirement”,	regardless	of	the	date	enacted,	adopted,	issued	or	implemented.
“
Related	Committed	Lender
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Conduit	Lender,	each	Committed	Lender
which	is,	or	pursuant	to	any	Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement	or	Assumption	Agreement	or	otherwise	pursuant	to
this	Agreement	becomes,	included	as	a	Committed	Lender	in	such	Conduit	Lender’s	Group,	as	designated	on	its	signature
page	hereto	or	in	such	Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement,	Assumption	Agreement	or	other	agreement	executed	by
such	Committed	Lender,	as	the	case	may	be.
“
Related	Conduit	Lender
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Committed	Lender,	each	Conduit	Lender	which
is,	or	pursuant	to	any	Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement	or	Assumption	Agreement	or	otherwise	pursuant	to	this
Agreement	becomes,	included	as	a	Conduit	Lender	in	such	Committed	Lender’s	Group,	as	designated	on	its	signature	page
hereto	or	in	such	Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement,	Assumption	Agreement	or	other	agreement	executed	by	such
Committed	Lender,	as	the	case	may	be.
“
Relevant	UCC
”	shall	mean	the	Uniform	Commercial	Code	as	in	effect	from	time	to	time	in	all	applicable
jurisdictions.
“
Repurchase	Amount
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Lease	to	be	repurchased	by	TBM	pursuant	to
Section	2.7	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement	(or	by	TFL	on	TBM’s	behalf	pursuant	to	Section	3.1A(c)	of	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement),	the	Securitization	Value	of	such	Lease	as	of	the	end	of	the	Settlement	Period
preceding	the	Deposit	Date	in	which	such	repurchase	occurs.
“
Required	Aggregate	Notional	Principal	Amount
”	shall	mean,	at	any	time	with	respect	to	all	Eligible
Interest	Rate	Hedges	in	full	force	and	effect	at	such	time,	an	aggregate	notional	amount	at	such	time	and	at	all	future
Payment	Dates	equal	to	(a)	upon	the	occurrence	of	the	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Trigger	Event	or	upon
-28-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
entering	into	or	terminating	any	Interest	Rate	Hedge	thereafter	pursuant	to	
Section	6.01(
n
)
,	the	Loan	Balance	at	such	time
and	the	expected	Loan	Balance	on	each	future	Payment	Date,	in	accordance	with	an	amortization	schedule	agreed	between
the	Borrower	and	the	Administrative	Agent,	and	(b)	at	any	other	time	after	the	occurrence	of	the	Interest	Rate	Hedge
Trigger	Event,	an	amount	not	less	than	90%	and	not	greater	than	110%	of	the	Loan	Balance	on	such	date	and	not	less	than
90%	and	not	greater	than	110%	of	the	expected	Loan	Balance	on	such	future	Payment	Date.
“
Required	Discount	Rate
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
Required
	
Group	Agents
”	shall	mean	at	any	time	(a)	if	there	are	two	or	fewer	Group	Agents,	then	all	Group
Agents,	and	(b)	if	there	are	more	than	two	Group	Agents,	(i)	Group	Agents	for	Lenders	then	holding	more	than	fifty	percent
(50%)	of	the	Commitments	then	in	effect,	or	(ii)	if	the	Commitments	have	terminated,	Group	Agents	for	Lenders	then
holding	more	than	fifty	percent	(50%)	of	the	Loans	(Group	Agents	that	are	Affiliates	of	one	another	being	considered	as	one
Group	Agent	for	purposes	of	this	proviso).
“
Required	Ratings
”	shall	mean	both	of	(1)	either	a	short	term	rating	from	S&P	of	at	least	“A-1”	or	a	long-
term	unsecured	rating	from	S&P	of	at	least	“AA+”	and	(2)	either	a	short	term	rating	from	Moody’s	of	at	least	“P-1”	or	a
long-term	unsecured	rating	from	Moody’s	of	at	least	“Aa1.”
“
Required	Reserve	Account	Balance
”	shall	mean,	as	of	any	date,	an	amount	equal	to	(x)	the	product	of	(a)
1.0%	times	(b)	the	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	all	outstanding	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	on	such	date,	after	giving
effect	to	the	allocation	(if	any)	of	a	Lease	Pool	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	on	such	date	and	a	Securitization	Take-Out	(if	any)
on	such	date	plus	(y)	the	amount	of	funds	deposited	by	the	Borrower	that	are	not	proceeds	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets
or	payable	pursuant	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement	or	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement	to	satisfy	the
minimum	balance	requirements	of	the	depository	institution	holding	the	Reserve	Account;	
provided
	that	(1)	on	any	date	on
and	after	the	date	on	which	any	Commitments	terminate,	the	Required	Reserve	Account	Balance	shall	be	an	amount	equal
to	the	Required	Reserve	Account	Balance	in	effect	on	the	day	immediately	preceding	such	date	on	which	such
Commitments	terminate,	and	(2)	on	any	date	on	and	after	the	payment	of	all	funds	in	the	Reserve	Account	to	the	Lenders
following	the	maturity	of	the	Loan	Balance	has	been	accelerated	after	the	occurrence	of	an	Event	of	Default,	the	Required
Reserve	Account	Balance	shall	be	the	amount	of	funds	needed	to	satisfy	the	minimum	balance	requirements	of	the
depository	institution	holding	the	Reserve	Account,	or	if	there	is	no	such	requirement,	zero.
“
Required	Supermajority	Group	Agents
”	shall	mean	at	any	time	(a)	if	there	are	two	or	fewer	Group	Agents,
then	all	Group	Agents,	and	(b)	if	there	are	more	than	two	Group	Agents,	(i)	Group	Agents	for	Lenders	then	holding	more
than	sixty-six	and	two-thirds	percent	(66-2/3%)	of	the	Commitments	then	in	effect,	or	(ii)	if	the	Commitments	have
terminated,	Group	Agents	for	Lenders	then	holding	more	than	sixty-six	and	two-thirds	percent	(66-2/3%)	of	the	Loans
(Group	Agents	that	are	Affiliates	of	one	another	being	considered	as	one	Group	Agent	for	purposes	of	this	proviso).
“
Requirements	of	Law
”	shall	mean,	for	any	Person,	any	law,	treaty,	rule	or	regulation,	or	determination	of
an	arbitrator	or	Governmental	Authority,	in	each	case	applicable	to	or	binding	upon	such	Person	or	to	which	such	Person	is
subject,	whether	federal,	state	or	local	(including	usury	laws	and	the	federal	Truth	in	Lending	Act).
-29-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Reserve	Account
”	shall	mean	the	account	with	such	name	established	and	maintained	pursuant	to
Section	2.06
.
“
Residual	Value	Loss	Ratio
”	shall	mean,	for	any	RVLR	Calculation	Date,	and	with	respect	to	those
Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	which	reached	their	respective	Lease	Maturity	Dates	during	or	prior	to	such	three	consecutive
Settlement	Periods	and	for	which	Off-Lease	Residual	Value	Net	Liquidation	Proceeds	were	received	during	the	three
consecutive	Settlement	Periods	ended	on	the	last	day	of	the	calendar	month	immediately	preceding	such	RVLR	Calculation
Date,	a	fraction	expressed	as	a	percentage,	(a)	the	numerator	of	which	is	the	difference	between	the	aggregate	Base
Residual	Values	of	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	and	the	aggregate	Off-Lease	Residual	Value	Net	Liquidation	Proceeds
received	with	respect	to	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases,	and	(b)	the	denominator	of	which	is	the	aggregate	Base	Residual
Values	of	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases.
“
Residual	Value	Loss	Ratio	Trigger
”
	
shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
Response	Date
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.10
.
“
Responsible	Officer
”	shall	mean	with	respect	to	(i)	the	Borrower	or	TFL,	any	of	the	president,	chief
executive	officer,	chief	financial	officer,	treasurer	or	any	vice	president	of	the	Borrower	or	TFL,	as	the	case	may	be	or	(ii)
the	Paying	Agent,	any	managing	director,	director,	vice	president,	assistant	vice	president,	associate	or	trust	officer	of	the
Paying	Agent	customarily	performing	functions	with	respect	to	corporate	trust	matters	and,	with	respect	to	a	particular
matter	under	this	Agreement,	any	other	officer	to	whom	such	matter	is	referred	because	of	such	officer’s	knowledge	of	and
familiarity	with	the	particular	subject,	in	each	case,	having	direct	responsibility	for	the	administration	of	this	Agreement.
“
Retained	Interest
”	shall	mean,	to	the	extent	required	by	the	Retention	Requirements,	a	material	net
economic	interest	of	not	less	than	five	percent	(5.0%)	of	the	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases.
“
Retention	Requirements
”	shall	mean	each	of:	(a)	Article	405	of	the	CRR,	together	with	(i)	the	Commission
Delegated	Regulation	(EU)	625/2014	of	13	March	2014	and	any	regulatory	technical	standards,	implementing	technical
standards	or	related	documents	published	by	the	European	Banking	Authority,	European	Central	Bank	(or	any	other
successor	or	replacement	agency	or	authority)	and	any	delegated	regulations	of	the	European	Commission;	and	(ii)	to	the
extent	informing	the	interpretation	of	Article	405	of	the	CRR,	the	guidelines	and	related	documents	previously	published	in
relation	to	the	preceding	European	Union	risk	retention	legislation	by	the	European	Banking	Authority	(and/or	its
predecessor,	the	Committee	of	European	Banking	Supervisors);	(b)	Article	17	of	the	AIFMD,	as	supplemented	by	Article	51
of	the	AIFM	Regulation;	(c)	Article	254	Commission	Delegated	Regulation	(EU)	2015/35	(the	Solvency	II	Regulation),	(d)	in
relation	to	each	of	the	foregoing,	any	guidance	published	in	relation	thereto	and	any	implementing	laws	or	regulations	in
force	in	any	Member	State	of	the	European	Union	and	(e)	in	each	case,	any	law	or	regulation	superseding	or	replacing	such
requirements	(or	regulatory	guidance	published	in	relation	thereto).
“
RVLR	Calculation	Date
”	shall	mean	the	last	day	of	each	February,	May,	August	and	November,
commencing	on	February	28,	2019.
“
S&P
”	shall	mean	Standard	&	Poor’s	Rating	Group,	together	with	its	successors.
-30-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Sanctioned	Country
”	shall	mean
,	at	any	time,	a	country	or	territory	which	is	the	subject	or	target	of	any
Sanctions.
“
Sanctioned	Person
”	shall	mean
,	at	any	time,	(a)	
any	Person	listed	in	any	Sanctions-related	list	of
designated	Persons	maintained	by	the	
Office	of	Foreign	Assets	Control	of	the	U.S.	Department	of	the	Treasury,	the	U.S.
Department	of	State,	or	by	the	United	Nations	Security	Council,	the	European	Union	or	any	EU	member	state,	(b)	
any
Person	operating,	organized	or	resident	in	a	
Sanctioned	Country	or	(c)	any	Person	controlled	by	any	such	Person.
“
Sanctions
”	shall	mean	economic	or	financial	sanctions	or	trade	embargoes	imposed,	administered	or
enforced	from	time	to	time	by	(a)	the	U.S.	government,	including	those	administered	by	the	Office	of	Foreign	Assets
Control	of	the	U.S.	Department	of	the	Treasury	or	the	U.S.	Department	of	State,	or	(b)	the	United	Nations	Security	Council,
the	European	Union	or	Her	Majesty’s	Treasury	of	the	United	Kingdom.
“
Scheduled	Expiration	Date
”	shall	mean	August	16,	2019,	unless	such	date	shall	be	extended	from	time	to
time	in	accordance	with	
Section	2.10
.
“
Secured	Obligations
”	shall	mean,	at	any	time,	(i)	all	accrued	and	unpaid	Interest	Distributable	Amounts	at
such	time,	(ii)	the	Loan	Balance	at	such	time,	(iii)	the	Borrower’s	obligations	under	all	Interest	Rate	Hedges,	and	(iv)	all
other	fees	and	amounts	(whether	due	or	accrued)	owing	to	the	Secured	Parties	under	this	Agreement	or	the	Fee	Letter	or
any	other	Transaction	Document	at	such	time.
“
Secured	Parties
”	shall	mean	the	Lenders,	the	Group	Agents,	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Interest	Rate
Hedge	providers	and	each	other	Indemnified	Party	and	Affected	Person.
“
Securitization	Take-Out
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.09(b)
.
“
Securitization	Take-Out	Certificate
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	
Section	2.09(b)
.
“
Securitization	Take-Out	Collateral
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Securitization	Take-Out,	all	or	a
portion	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	selected	by	the	Borrower	and	satisfying	the	conditions	set	forth	in	
Section	2.09(b)
and	employing	no	adverse	selection	procedures	in	connection	with	such	Securitization	Take-Out	(excluding,	however,	any
Lease	subject	to	a	repurchase	or	reallocation	obligation)	that	the	Borrower	has	agreed	to	reallocate	to	the	TBM	SUBI	in
connection	with	a	securitization	or	other	type	of	financing	or	refinancing	and	that	are	designated	by	the	Borrower	and
specified	in	the	related	Securitization	Take-Out	Certificate.
“
Securitization	Take-Out	Date
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Securitization	Take-Out,	the	date	on	which
such	Securitization	Take-Out	occurs.
“
Securitization	Take-Out	Price
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	reallocated	to	the
TBM	SUBI	pursuant	to	a	Securitization	Take-Out,	the	amount	by	which	the	Loan	Balance	must	be	reduced	such	that,	after
giving	effect	to	the	related	Securitization	Take-Out,	the	Loan	Balance	does	not	exceed	the	Maximum	Loan	Balance.
“
Securitization	Value
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Lease	and	any	date,	determined	as	of	the	last	day	of
the	Settlement	Period	immediately	preceding	such	date	(or,	with	respect	to	any	Lease	allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	on
such	date,	as	of	the	related	Cut-Off	Date),	until	reset	on	the	last	day	of	the	succeeding
-31-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Settlement	Period,	an	amount	equal	to	the	sum	of	the	present	values	of	(i)	all	remaining	Monthly	Lease	Payments
scheduled	to	be	due	after	the	day	on	which	such	Securitization	Value	is	determined	(or,	in	the	case	of	the	Securitization
Value	of	any	Lease	allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	on	such	date,	after	the	related	Cut-Off	Date),	calculated	in	each	case
assuming	that	such	Monthly	Lease	Payments	will	be	paid	on	a	timely	basis	and	(ii)	the	Base	Residual	Value	(discounted
from	the	date	that	is	one	month	after	the	Lease	Maturity	Date	of	such	Lease),	in	each	case	calculated	by	discounting	such
sum	by	the	Required	Discount	Rate	applicable	on	the	day	on	which	such	Securitization	Value	is	determined.
“
Security	Deposit
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Lease,	the	refundable	security	deposit	specified	in	such
Lease.
“
Servicer
”	shall	mean	TFL,	in	its	capacity	as	Servicer	under	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement	and
this	Agreement,	together	with	its	successors	and	assigns	in	such	capacity.
“
Servicer	Default
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement.
“
Servicing	Agreement
”	shall	mean	the	Servicing	Agreement	dated	as	of	November	6,	2013	between	the
Trust	and	TFL	as	Servicer.
“
Servicing	Fee
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI,	the	fee	payable	on	each	Payment	Date
with	respect	to	each	Settlement	Period	equal	to	one-twelfth	of	the	product	of	(i)	the	Servicing	Fee	Rate	and	(ii)	the	daily
average	Securitization	Value	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	during	such	Settlement	Period.
“
Servicing	Fee	Rate
”	shall	mean	1.0%	per	annum.
“
Settlement	Period
”	shall	mean	with	respect	to	any	Determination	Date,	any	Payment	Date	or	any	other
date,	the	immediately	preceding	calendar	month.		With	respect	to	any	Determination	Date	or	Payment	Date,	the	“related
Settlement	Period”	shall	mean	the	Settlement	Period	ending	on	the	last	day	of	the	month	preceding	the	month	in	which
such	Determination	Date	or	Payment	Date	occurs.
“
Settlement	Statement
”	shall	mean	the	monthly	statement	prepared	by	the	Servicer	substantially	in	the
form	of	
Exhibit	A
	to	the	Fee	Letter.
“
Short-Term	Note	Rate
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Conduit	Lender	for	any	period	(including	any	day,
Interest	Period	or	portion	thereof)	for	any	Loan,	the	rate	identified	on	Schedule	9	hereto	or	the	rate	designated	as	the
“Short-Term	Note	Rate”	for	such	Conduit	Lender	in	an	Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement	or	Assumption	Agreement
in	each	case	which	is	agreed	to	by	the	Borrower	and	pursuant	to	which	such	Person	became	or	becomes	a	party	hereto	as	a
Conduit	Lender,	or	any	other	writing	or	agreement	provided	by	such	Conduit	Lender	to	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer,	the
Administrative	Agent	and	the	applicable	Group	Agent	and	agreed	to	by	the	Borrower	from	time	to	time.		Notwithstanding
the	foregoing
,
	at	all	times	following	the	occurrence	and	during	the	continuation	of	an	Event	of	Default,	the	Short-Term
Note	Rate	shall	be	an	interest	rate	
per	annum
	equal	to	the	Default	Rate.
“
Short-Term	Notes
”	shall	mean	the	short-term	commercial	paper	notes	issued	or	to	be	issued	by	or	on
behalf	of	a	Conduit	Lender	(or,	solely	in	the	case	of	Salisbury	Receivables	Company	LLC,	by	or	on	behalf	of	Sheffield
Receivables	Company	LLC)	to	fund	or	maintain	the	Loans	or	investments	in	other	financial	assets.
-32-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Single	Month	Maturity	Limit
”
	
shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
Single	State	(CA)	Limit
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
Single	State	(Non-CA)	Limit
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
Six	Month	Maturity	Limit
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
Solvent
”	shall	mean,	as	to	any	Person	at	any	time,	having	a	state	of	affairs	such	that	(i)	the	fair	value	of
the	property	owned	by	such	Person	is	greater	than	the	amount	of	such	Person’s	liabilities	(including	disputed,	contingent
and	unliquidated	liabilities)	as	such	value	is	established	and	liabilities	evaluated	for	purposes	of	Section	101(32)	of	the
Bankruptcy	Code;	(ii)	the	present	fair	salable	value	of	the	property	owned	by	such	Person	in	an	orderly	liquidation	of	such
Person	is	not	less	than	the	amount	that	will	be	required	to	pay	the	probable	liability	of	such	Person	on	its	debts	as	they
become	absolute	and	matured;	(iii)	such	Person	is	able	to	realize	upon	its	property	and	pay	its	debts	and	other	liabilities
(including	disputed,	contingent	and	unliquidated	liabilities)	as	they
	
mature	in	the	normal	course	of
	
business;	(iv)	such
Person	does	not	intend	to,	and	does	not	believe	that	it	will,	incur	debts	or	liabilities	beyond	such	Person’s	ability
	
to	pay	as
such	debts	and	liabilities
	
mature;	and	(v)	such	Person	is
	
not	engaged	in	business	or	a	transaction,	and	is	not	about	to
engage	in	a	business	or	a	transaction,	for	which	such	Person’s	property	would	constitute	unreasonably	small	capital.
“
State
”	shall	mean	any	state	of	the	United	States	of	America	or	the	District	of	Columbia.
“
Statistically	Significant	RVLR	Calculation	Date
”	shall	mean	any	RVLR	Calculation	Date	if,	during	the	three
Settlement	Periods	ended	on	the	last	day	of	the	calendar	month	immediately	preceding	such	RVLR	Calculation	Date,	at
least	fifty	(50)	Leases	reached	their	Turn	In	Dates	during	such	three	Settlement	Periods.
“
SUBI	Trustee
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Trust	Agreement.
“
Subsidiary
”	shall	mean,	for	any	Person,	any	corporation	or	other	business	organization	more	than	50%	of
the	outstanding	voting	securities	of	which	shall	at	the	time	be	owned	or	controlled,	directly	or	indirectly,	by	such	Person	or
by	one	or	more	such	corporations	or	organizations	owned	or	controlled,	directly	or	indirectly,	by	such	Person	and	one	or
more	of	its	Subsidiaries,	and	any	partnership	of	which	such	Person	or	any	such	corporation	or	organization	is	a	general
partner.
“
Successor	Servicer
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement.
“
Successor	Servicer	Engagement	Fee
”	shall	mean	the	fee	payable	to	the	Back-Up	Servicer	upon	its
becoming	the	Successor	Servicer	under	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement.
“
Supermajority	Terms
”	shall	mean	(i)	the	definition	of	“
Base	Residual	Value
”;	(ii)	the	definition	of	“
Change
in	Control
”;	(iii)	the	definition	of	“
Credit	Loss	Ratio	Trigger
”;	(iv)	the	definition	of	“
Delinquency	Ratio	Trigger
”;	(v)	the
definition	of	“
Eligible	Lease
”;	(vi)	the	individual	limits	in	the	definition	of	“
Excess	Concentration	Amount
”;	(vii)	the
definition	of	“
Interest	Rate	Hedge	Trigger	Event
”;	(viii)	the	definition	of	“
Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual	Value
”;	(ix)	the
definition	of	“
Maximum	Loan	Balance
”;	(x)	the	definition	of	“
Portfolio	Performance	Condition
”;	(xi)	the	definition	of
“
Required	Discount	Rate
”;	(xii)	the	definition	of	“
Required
-33-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Reserve	Account	Balance
”;	(xiii)	the	definition	of	“
Residual	Value	Loss	Ratio	Trigger
”;	(xiv)	the	definition	of	“
Securitization
Value
”;	(xv)	the	definition	of	“
Servicer	Default
”;	(xvi)	the	definition	of	“
Tesla	Change	in	Control
”;	(xvii)	the	definition	of
“
Turbo	Amortization	Period
”;	(xviii)	
Section	2.04
;	(xix)	
Section	6.01(n)
;	(xx)	
Section	6.03
;	and	(xxi)	
Section	8.01
.
“
Supplemental	Servicing	Fees
”	shall	mean	all	late	payments,	NSF	check	fees	and	other	similar
administrative	fees	payable	by	a	Lessee	under	the	terms	of	a	Lease.
“
Tangible	Chattel	Paper
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	Section	9-102(a)	of	the	UCC	(or	other	section
of	similar	content	of	the	Relevant	UCC).
“
Taxes
”	shall	mean	all	present	or	future	taxes,	levies,	imposts,	duties,	deductions,	withholdings	(including
backup	withholding),	assessments,	fees	or	other	charges	imposed	by	any	Governmental	Authority,	including	any	interest,
additions	to	tax	or	penalties	applicable	thereto.
“
TBM
”	shall	mean	TBM	Partnership	II,	LLC,	a	Delaware	limited	liability	company.
“
TBM	Partnership	Agreement
”	shall	mean	the	limited	liability	company	agreement	of	TBM,	dated	as	of
November	21,	2018,	as	the	same	may	be	amended	from	time	to	time.
“
TBM	SUBI
”	shall	mean	the	special	unit	of	beneficial	interest	in	the	Trust	created	by	the	TBM	SUBI
Supplement	and	identified	as	the	“TBM	II	SUBI.”
“
TBM	SUBI	Holder
”	shall	mean	the	beneficiary	of	the	TBM	SUBI,	initially	TBM.
“
TBM	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement
”	shall	mean	the	TBM	II	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement,	dated	November	21,
2018,	between	the	Trust,	TFL	and	the	back-up	servicer	party	thereto.
“
TBM	SUBI	Supplement
”	shall	mean	the	TBM	II	SUBI	Supplement	to	Trust	Agreement,	dated	as	of
November	21,	2018,	by	and	among	TFL,	as	Settlor	and	Initial	Beneficiary,	U.S.	Bank	Trust,	as	SUBI	Trustee,	Administrative
Trustee	and	UTI	Trustee,	and	TBM.
“
TBM	SUBI	Trustee
”	shall	mean	the	SUBI	Trustee	of	the	TBM	SUBI.
“
Terminated	Lease
”	shall	mean	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	that	has	reached	its	Lease	Maturity	Date	or	Early
Lease	Termination	Date.
“
Terminated	Vehicle
”	shall	mean	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicle	the	related	Lease	for	which	is	a
Terminated	Lease.
“
Termination	Date
”	shall	mean	the	earlier	to	occur	of	(i)	the	occurrence	of	an	Event	of	Default,	and	(ii)	the
Scheduled	Expiration	Date.
“
Tesla	Change	in	Control
”	shall	mean	the	occurrence	of	any	of	the	following:
-34-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(i)
an	event	or	series	of	events	by	which	any	“person”	or	“group”	(as	such	terms	are	used	in	Sections
13(d)	and	14(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	but	excluding	Elon	Musk	and	any	of	his	heirs,	beneficiaries	or
trusts),	becomes	the	“beneficial	owner”	(as	defined	in	Rules	13d-3	and	13d-5	under	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,
except	that	a	person	or	group	shall	be	deemed	to	have	“beneficial	ownership”	of	all	securities	that	such	person	or	group
has	the	right	to	acquire,	whether	such	right	is	exercisable	immediately	or	only	after	the	passage	of	time	(such	right,	an
“option	right”)),	directly	or	indirectly,	of	equity	interests	representing	a	majority	of	the	voting	power	for	election	of
members	of	the	board	of	directors	or	equivalent	governing	body	of	Tesla,	Inc.	on	a	fully-diluted	basis	(and	taking	into
account	all	such	securities	that	such	person	or	group	has	the	right	to	acquire	pursuant	to	any	option	right);	or
(ii)
Tesla,	Inc.	ceases	to	directly	or	indirectly	own	and	control,	80%	of	the	equity	and	voting	interests
of	TFL	free	and	clear	of	all	Adverse	Claims.
“
Tesla	Party
”	shall	mean	the	Borrower	or	the	Trust.
“
TFL
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	preamble	to	this	Agreement
“
TFL	Administrative	Agent
”	shall	mean	the	“Administrative	Agent,”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the	TFL
Warehouse	Agreement.
“
TFL	Borrower
”	shall	mean	Tesla	2014	Warehouse	SPV	LLC.
“
TFL	Borrower	Default
”	shall	mean	the	occurrence	of	any	“Event	of	Default,”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the
TFL	Warehouse	Agreement.
“
TFL	Facility	Limit
”	shall	mean	the	“Facility	Limit,”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the	TFL	Warehouse
Agreement.
“
TFL	Group	Agent
”	shall	mean	a	“Group	Agent,”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the	TFL	Warehouse	Agreement.
“
TFL	Loan	Balance
”	shall	mean	the	“Loan	Balance,”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the	TFL	Warehouse
Agreement.
“
TFL	Loan	Increase	Date
”	shall	mean	a	“Loan	Increase	Date,”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the	TFL
Warehouse	Agreement.
“
TFL	Paying	Agent
”	shall	mean	the	“Paying	Agent”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the	TFL	Warehouse
Agreement.
“
TFL	Residual	Value
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Leased	Vehicle,	the	expected	value	of	such	Leased
Vehicle	at	the	Lease	Maturity	Date	of	the	related	Lease	as	determined	by	TFL	and	set	forth	in	such	Lease.
“
TFL	Transaction	Documents
”	shall	mean	the	“Transaction	Documents,”	as	such	term	is	defined	in	the	TFL
Warehouse	Agreement.
-35-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
TFL	Warehouse	Agreement
”	shall	mean	the	Amended	and	Restated	Loan	and	Security	Ag
reement	dated
as	of	August	17
,	2017	among	the	TFL	Borrower,	TFL,	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	lenders	and	group	agents	party
thereto
,	as	the	same	may	be	amended	from	time	to	time
.
“
Transaction	Documents
”	shall	mean	the	Trust	Agreement,	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Supplement,	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement,	the	[***]	Subservicing	Agreement,	the	eVault	Letter	Agreement,	the	Warehouse
SUBI	Sale	Agreement,	this	Agreement,	the	Collateral	Agency	and	Security	Agreement,	the	Fee	Letter,	each	Loan	Request,
each	Settlement	Statement,	each	Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation,	each	Interest	Rate	Hedge	and	each	other
agreement,	report,	certificate	or	other	document	delivered	by	any	Tesla	Party,	Tesla,	Inc.	or	TFL	(other	than	in	its	capacity
as	managing	member	of	TBM)	pursuant	to	or	in	connection	with	this	Agreement.		For	the	avoidance	of	doubt,	the	TFL
Transaction	Documents,	the	TBM	Partnership	Agreement	and	the	TBM	SUBI	Supplement	shall	not	constitute	Transaction
Documents	under	this	Agreement.
“
Trust
”	shall	mean	Tesla	Lease	Trust,	a	Delaware	statutory	trust,	together	with	its	successors	and	assigns.
“
Trust	Agreement
”	shall	mean	that	certain	Trust	Agreement,	dated	as	of	November	6,	2013,	between	TFL,
as	Settlor	and	Initial	Beneficiary,	and	U.S.	Bank	Trust	National	Association,	as	UTI	Trustee,	Administrative	Trustee	and
Delaware	Trustee,	as	the	same	may	be	amended	from	time	to	time.
“
Trust	Assets
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Trust	Agreement.
“
Trustee
”	shall	mean	U.S.	Bank	Trust	in	its	capacity	as	Administrative	Trustee,	Delaware	Trustee,	UTI
Trustee	or	any	SUBI	Trustee	of	the	Trust.
“
Trustee	Bank
”	shall	mean	U.S.	Bank	Trust	in	its	individual	capacity.
“
Turbo	Amortization	Period
”	shall	mean	(i)	a	period	commencing	on	the	occurrence	of	a	Servicer	Default
and	ending	on	(x)	if	Lenders	have	not	delivered	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicer	Termination	Notice	to	the	Servicer	pursuant	to
Section	5.1	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement	on	or	prior	to	the	30
th
	day	after	the	occurrence	of	such	Servicer
Default,	then	on	such	30
th
	day,	(y)	if	the	Lenders	have	delivered	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicer	Termination	Notice	to	the
Servicer	pursuant	to	Section	5.1	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement	on	or	prior	to	the	30
th
	day	after	the
occurrence	of	such	Servicer	Default	and	a	Successor	Servicer	is	appointed	pursuant	to	Section	5.2	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Servicing	Agreement	on	or	prior	to	the	45
th
	day	(or	such	later	date	specified	in	writing	by	the	Group	Agents	in	their	sole
and	absolute	discretion)	after	the	date	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicer	Termination	Notice	has	been	delivered,	the	date	on
which	such	Successor	Servicer	is	so	appointed,	and	(z)	if	neither	of	clauses	(x)	or	(y)	is	applicable,	then	the	date	on	which
all	Secured	Obligations	have	been	paid	in	full,	and	(ii)	the	period	commencing	on	the	Termination	Date	and	ending	on	the
date	on	which	all	Secured	Obligations	have	been	paid	in	full.
“
Turn	In	Date
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Lease,	(a)	the	date	on	which	the	related	Leased	Vehicle	is
returned	to	TFL	by	the	related	Lessee	if	(but	only	if)	such	date	is	(i)	no	earlier	than	90	days	prior	to	the	Lease	Maturity
Date	for	such	Lease,	or	(ii)	on,	or	any	date	after,	the	Lease	Maturity	Date	for	such	Lease,	or	(b)	the	Lease	Maturity	Date	if
the	related	Leased	Vehicle	has	not	been	purchased	by	the	related	Lessee	or	returned	to	TFL	by	such	date.
-36-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Unused	Fee
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Commitment	of	any	Committed	Lender,	an	amount	equal	to
the	product	of	(i)
	
the	Unused	Fee	Rate
,	
times
	(ii)	the	excess,	if	any,	of	(x)	such	Committed	Lender’s	Commitment	Amount
on	such	day,	
over
	(y)	the	outstanding	principal	amount	of	Loans	of	the	Lenders	in	such	Committed	Lender’s	Group	on	such
day	
times
	(iii)	1/360.
“
Unused	Fee	Amount
”	shall	mean,	for	any	Interest	Period	(or	portion	thereof)	the	amount	of	the	Unused
Fee	accrued	during	such	Interest	Period	(or	portion	thereof).
“
Unused	Fee	Rate
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
U.S.	Bank	Trust
”	shall	mean	U.S.	Bank	Trust	National	Association,	a	national	banking	association.
“
U.S.	Person
”	shall	mean	a	“United	States	Person”	as	defined	in	Section	7701(a)(30)	of	the	Internal
Revenue	Code.
“
Usage	Fee
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	Lender,	for	each	day	an	amount	equal	to	the	product	of	(i)
	
the
Usage	Fee	Rate	on	such	day,	
times
	(ii)	the	outstanding	principal	amount	of	such	Lender’s	Loans	on	such	day,	
times
	(iii)
1/360.
“
Usage	Fee	Amount
”	shall	mean,	for	any	Interest	Period	(or	portion	thereof)	the	amount	of	the	Usage	Fee
accrued	during	such	Interest	Period	(or	portion	thereof).
“
Usage	Fee	Rate
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
UTI
”	shall	mean	the	undivided	interest	in	the	Trust,	excluding	any	special	units	of	beneficial	interest.
“
UTI	Beneficiary
”	shall	mean	the	beneficiary	of	the	UTI.
“
UTI	Trustee
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Trust	Agreement.
“
WA	FICO	Limit
”	shall	have	the	meaning	specified	in	the	Fee	Letter.
“
Warehouse	SUBI
”	shall	mean	the	special	unit	of	beneficial	interest	in	the	Trust	created	by	the	Warehouse
SUBI	Supplement	and	identified	as	the	“LML	2018	Warehouse	SUBI.”
“
Warehouse	SUBI	Assets
”	shall	mean:	(i)	cash	related	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	or	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Assets,	including	all	Collections;	(ii)	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases;	(iii)	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicles;	(iv)	all	other
Trust	Assets	to	the	extent	related	to	or	associated	with	the	foregoing;	and	(v)	all	proceeds	of	the	foregoing,	including	(A)
payments	made	in	respect	of	the	Terminated	Vehicles	and	Defaulted	Vehicles,	(B)	proceeds	of	the	sale	or	other	disposition
of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicles	to	Lessees	or	others	upon	expiration	or	termination	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Leases,	(C)	payments	in	respect	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicles	under	any	Insurance	Policy,	(D)	the	Certificates	of
Title	relating	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicles,	(E)	all	rights	(but	not	obligations)	of	the	Trust,	TFL	and	the	related
Lessor	with	respect	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicles,	including	rights	to	(1)	any
incentive	or	other	payments	made	by	any	Person	to	fund	a	portion	of	the	payments	made	related	to	a	Warehouse	SUBI
Lease	or	a	Warehouse
-37-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
SUBI	Leased	Vehicle	(including	Pull-Forward	Payments)	and	(2)	proceeds	arising	from	any	repurchase	obligations	arising
under	any	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease,	(F)	any	Security	Deposit	related	to	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	to	the	extent	not	payable	to
the	Lessee	pursuant	to	such	lease,	(G)	all	Insurance	Proceeds	and	Liquidation	Proceeds,	(H)	such	other	assets	as	may	be
designated	“Warehouse	SUBI	Assets”	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Supplement	and	identified	by	the	Servicer	in	Notices	of
Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	delivered	from	time	to	time	pursuant	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Supplement,	and	(I)	all
proceeds	of	the	foregoing.
“
Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate
”	shall	mean	a	certificate	representing	the	beneficial	interest	in	the
Warehouse
	
SUBI.
“
Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account
”	shall	mean	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	established	and
maintained	pursuant	to	
Section	7.04(a)
.
“
Warehouse	SUBI	Lease
”	shall	mean	a	Lease	allocated	to	the	Warehouse
	
SUBI.
“
Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date
”	shall	mean	each	date	on	which	TFL,	at	the	direction	of	the	TBM
SUBI	Holder,	directs	the	TBM	SUBI	Trustee	to	allocate	Leases	and	the	related	Leased	Vehicles	from	the	TBM	SUBI	to	the
Warehouse	SUBI	pursuant	to	the	TBM	SUBI	Supplement	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Supplement.
“
Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicle
”	shall	mean	a	Leased	Vehicle	allocated	to	the	Warehouse
	
SUBI.
“
Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement
”	shall	mean	the	LML	2018	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement,	dated	as
of	the	Closing	Date,	by	and	between	TBM,	as	seller,	and	the	Borrower,	as	buyer.
“
Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement
”	shall	mean	the	LML	2018	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement
dated	as	of	the	date	hereof	by	and	among	the	Trust,	the	Servicer	and	the	Back-Up	Servicer.
“
Warehouse	SUBI	Supplement
”	shall	mean	the	LML	2018	Warehouse	SUBI	Supplement	to	Trust
Agreement,	dated	as	of	the	Closing	Date,	by	and	among	TFL,	as	Settlor	and	Initial	Beneficiary,	U.S.	Bank	Trust,	as	SUBI
Trustee,	Administrative	Trustee	and	UTI	Trustee,	and	Borrower	(for	the	limited	purposes	set	forth	therein).
“
Withholding	Agent
”	shall	mean	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent.
“
Write-Down	and	Conversion	Powers
”	shall	mean,	with	respect	to	any	EEA	Resolution	Authority,	the	write-
down	and	conversion	powers	of	such	EEA	Resolution	Authority	from	time	to	time	under	the	Bail-In	Legislation	for	the
applicable	EEA	Member	Country,	which	write-down	and	conversion	powers	are	described	in	the	EU	Bail-In	Legislation
Schedule.
SECTION	1.02
		
Computation	of	Time	Periods
.		Unless	otherwise	stated	in	this	Agreement,	in	the
computation	of	a	period	of	time	from	a	specified	date	to	a	later	specified	date,	the	word	“from”	means	“from	and	including”
and	the	words	“to”	and	“until”	each	means	“to	but	excluding.”
SECTION	1.03
		
Interpretive	Provisions
.		For	all	purposes	of	this	Agreement,	the	singular	includes	the
plural	and	the	plural	the	singular;	words	importing	gender	include	other	genders;	references	to	“writing”	include	printing,
typing,	lithography	and	other	means	of	reproducing	words	in	a	visible	form;	the	term	“including”
-38-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
means	“including	without	limitation;”	the	term	“or”	is	not	exclusive;	and	references	to	the	article	and	section	headings	of
any	Transaction	Document	are	for	convenience	of	reference	only,	and	shall	not	define	or	limit	or	otherwise	affect	the	terms
and	provisions	thereof.	All	accounting	terms	not	specifically	defined	herein	shall	be	construed	in	accordance	with	GAAP.		If
the	due	date	of	any	notice,	certificate	or	report	required	to	be	delivered	by	any	party	to	any	of	the	Transaction	Documents
falls	on	a	day	that	is	not	a	Business	Day,	the	due	date	for	such	notice,	certificate	or	report	shall	be	automatically	extended
to	the	next	succeeding	day	that	is	a	Business	Day.		Any	reference	in	this	Agreement	to	any	agreement	means	such
agreement	as	it	may	be	amended,	restated,	supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	from	time	to	time.		Any	reference	in	this
Agreement	to	any	law,	statute,	regulation,	rule	or	other	legislative	action	shall	mean	such	law,	statute,	regulation,	rule	or
other	legislative	action	(and	any	successor	thereto)	as	amended,	supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	from	time	to	time,
and	shall	include	any	rule	or	regulation	promulgated	thereunder.		Any	reference	in	this	Agreement	to	a	Person	shall	include
the	permitted	successors	or	assignees	of	such	Person.
SECTION	1.04
		
Acknowledgement	and	Consent	to	Bail-In	of	EEA	Financial	Institutions
.		Notwithstanding
anything	to	the	contrary	in	any	Transaction	Document	or	in	any	other	agreement,	arrangement	or	understanding	among
any	such	parties,	each	party	hereto	acknowledges	that	any	liability	of	any	EEA	Financial	Institution	arising	under	any
Transaction	Document,	to	the	extent	such	liability	is	unsecured,	may	be	subject	to	the	write-down	and	conversion	powers	of
an	EEA	Resolution	Authority	and	agrees	and	consents	to,	and	acknowledges	and	agrees	to	be	bound	by:
(a)
the	application	of	any	Write-Down	and	Conversion	Powers	by	an	EEA	Resolution	Authority	to	any
such	liabilities	arising	hereunder	which	may	be	payable	to	it	by	any	party	hereto	that	is	an	EEA	Financial	Institution;	and
(b)
the	effects	of	any	Bail-in	Action	on	any	such	liability,	including,	if	applicable;
(i)
a	reduction	in	full	or	in	part	or	cancellation	of	any	such	liability;
(ii)
a	conversion	of	all,	or	a	portion	of,	such	liability	into	shares	or	other	instruments	of	ownership	in
such	EEA	Financial	Institution,	its	parent	undertaking,	or
	a	bridge	institution	that	may	be	issued	to	it	or	otherwise
conferred	on	it,	and	that	such	shares	or	other	instruments	of	ownership	will	be	accepted	by	it	in	lieu	of	any	rights	with
respect	to	any	such	liability	under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document;	or
(iii)
the	variation	of	the	terms	of	such	liability	in	connection	with	the	exercise	of	the	write-down	and
conversion	powers	of	any	EEA	Resolution	Authority.
ARTICLE	II
THE	FACILITY
SECTION	2.01
		
Loans;	Payments
.
(a)
On	the	terms	and	subject	to	the	conditions	hereinafter	set	forth	(including	in	
Sections	2.01(b)
	and
2.01(e)
	and	
Article	V
,	the	Conduit	Lenders,	ratably,	in	accordance	with	the	aggregate	of	the	Commitments	of	the	Related
Committed	Lenders	with	respect	to	each	such	Conduit	Lender,	severally	and	not	jointly,	may,	in	their	sole	discretion,	make
Loans	to	the	Borrower	on	a	revolving	basis,	and	if	and	to	the	extent	any	Conduit	Lender	does	not	make	any	such	requested
Loan	or	if	any	Group	does	not	include	a	Conduit	Lender,
-39-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
the	Related	Committed	Lender(s)	for	such	Conduit	Lender	or	the	Committed	Lender	for	such	Group,	as	the	case	may	be,
shall,	ratably	in	accordance	with	their	respective	Commitments,	severally	and	not	jointly,	make	such	Loans	to	the	Borrower
from	time	to	time	on	the	Initial	Loan	Date	and,	until	the	occurrence	of	the	Scheduled	Expiration	Date	or	an	Event	of
Default,	on	each	subsequent	Loan	Increase	Date.		Each	Lender	shall	make	available	the	proceeds	of	any	Loan	it	makes	to
the	Borrower	by	wire	transfer	of	immediately	available	funds.		
(b)
Subject	to	the	conditions	specified	in	this	Section	and	in	
Sections	5.01
	and	
5.02
	(as	applicable),	on
any	Loan	Increase	Date,	the	Loan	Balance	may	be	increased	through	the	funding	of	additional	Loans,	up	to	a	Loan	Balance
at	any	one	time	not	to	exceed	the	Facility	Limit	(after	giving	effect	to	any	increase	in	the	Facility	Limit	on	or	prior	to	such
Loan	Increase	Date);	
provided
,	
however
,	that	(i)	the	aggregate	principal	amount	of	any	Loans	to	be	made	on	any	Loan
Increase	Date	shall	not	exceed	the	Available	Facility	Limit	(after	giving	effect	to	any	increase	in	Facility	Limit	on	or	prior	to
such	Loan	Increase	Date)	on	such	Loan	Increase	Date,	(ii)	the	aggregate	outstanding	principal	amount	of	the	Loans	of	the
Lenders	in	any	Group	shall	not	exceed	the	Commitment	Amount	of	the	Related	Committed	Lenders	of	such	Group,	(iii)	the
aggregate	outstanding	principal	amount	of	the	Loans	of	any	Committed	Lender	shall	not	exceed	its	Commitment	Amount,
and	(iv)	the	aggregate	outstanding	principal	amount	of	all	Loans	shall	not	exceed	the	Maximum	Loan	Balance,	determined
after	giving	effect	to	(x)	such	additional	Loans	on	such	date	and	(y)	any	increase	or	decrease	in	the	Facility	Limit	on	such
date.		Each	Loan	shall	be	in	a	minimum	amount	equal	to	the	lesser	of	(i)	$1,000,000	and	(ii)	the	Available	Facility	Limit
(before	giving	effect	to	such	Loan).
(c)
The	principal	of	the	Loans	shall	be	payable	in	installments	equal	to	the	Principal	Distributable
Amount	on	each	Payment	Date	subject	to	and	in	accordance	with	
Section	2.04(c)
.		Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	the
entire	unpaid	principal	amount	of	the	Loans	shall	be	due	and	payable,	if	not	previously	paid,	on	the	Loan	Maturity	Date.
(d)
On	each	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date,	Leases	and	the	related	Leased	Vehicles	shall	be
allocated	from	the	TBM	SUBI	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	pursuant	to	the	TBM	SUBI	Supplement	and	Warehouse	SUBI
Supplement.		In	furtherance	of	the	foregoing:
(i)
at	least	two	(2)	Business	Days	preceding	each	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date	(or,	in	the
case	of	the	initial	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date,	on	the	Initial	Loan	Date),	the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer	shall
deliver	to	the	Administrative	Agent	an	executed	Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	in	substantially	the	form	of
Exhibit	D
	to	this	Agreement,	signed	by	an	Authorized	Signatory	together	with	a	Pool	Cut	Report	as	to	the	related	Lease
Pool;
(ii)
the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer	shall	have	taken	any	actions	necessary	or	advisable,	and
reasonably	requested	in	writing	by	the	Administrative	Agent	as	soon	as	practicable,	to	maintain	the	Administrative	Agent’s
perfected	security	interest	in	the	Collateral;	and
(iii)
solely	with	respect	to	any	Leases	and	Leased	Vehicles	to	be	allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	on
any	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date,	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	received	a	copy	of	a	report	produced	by
Automotive	Lease	Guide	(in	form	and	substance	reasonably	satisfactory	to	the	Lenders)	setting	forth	the	Mark-to-Market
MRM	Residual	Value	of	the	Leased	Vehicle	related	to	each	such	Lease,	in	each	case,	as	of	the	most	recent	Mark	to	Market
Adjustment	Date;
-40-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
provided
	that,	notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	if	any	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date	is	a	Loan	Increase	Date,	this
Section	2.01(d)
	shall	apply	with	respect	to	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date	and	the	related	Lease	Pool	and	the
Borrower	and	the	Servicer,	as	applicable,	in	addition	to	the	conditions	set	forth	in	
Section	5.02
	with	respect	to	such
Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date	and	the	related	Lease	Pool.
(e)
If	any	Loan	Request	is	delivered	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents,	the	Lenders	and
the	Paying	Agent	after	noon,	New	York	City	time,	two	Business	Days	prior	to	the	proposed	Loan	Increase	Date,	such	Loan
Request	shall	be	deemed	to	be	received	prior	to	noon,	New	York	City	time,	on	the	next	succeeding	Business	Day	and	the
proposed	Loan	Increase	Date	of	such	proposed	Loan	shall	be	deemed	to	be	the	second	Business	Day	following	such	deemed
receipt.		Any	Loan	Request	shall	be	irrevocable	and	the	Borrower	may	not	request	that	more	than	one	Loan	be	funded	on
any	Business	Day.
(f)
If	a	Conduit	Lender	shall	have	elected	not	to	make	all	or	a	portion	of	such	Loan,	the	related
Committed	Lender	shall	make	available	on	the	applicable	Loan	Increase	Date	an	amount	equal	to	the	portion	of	the	Loan
that	such	Conduit	Lender	has	not	elected	to	fund.
(g)
Each	Group’s	ratable	share	of	a	Loan	shall	be	made	available	to	the	Paying	Agent,	subject	to	the
fulfillment	of	the	applicable	conditions	set	forth	in	Section	5.02,	at	or	prior	to	1:00	p.m.,	New	York	City	time,	on	the
applicable	Loan	Date,	by	deposit	of	immediately	available	funds	to	the	Paying	Agent	Account.	The	Paying	Agent	shall
promptly	notify	the	Borrower	in	the	event	that	any	Lender	either	fails	to	make	its	portion	of	such	funds	available	before
such	time	or	notifies	the	Paying	Agent	that	it	will	not	make	its	portion	of	such	funds	available	before	such	time.	Subject	to
the	fulfillment	of	the	applicable	conditions	set	forth	in	Section	5.02,	as	determined	by	the	Paying	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent
will	not	later	than	3:00	p.m.,	New	York	City	time,	on	such	Loan	Increase	Date	make	such	funds	available,	in	the	same	type
of	funds	received,	by	wire	transfer	thereof	to	the	account	specified	in	writing	by	the	Borrower.	If	any	Lender	makes
available	to	the	Paying	Agent	funds	for	any	Loan	to	be	made	by	such	Lender	as	provided	in	the	foregoing	provisions	of	this
Article,	and	such	funds	are	not	made	available	to	the	Borrower	by	the	Paying	Agent	because	the	conditions	to	the
applicable	Loan	set	forth	in	Section	5.02	are	not	satisfied	or	waived	in	accordance	with	the	terms	hereof,	the	Paying	Agent
shall	return	such	funds	(in	like	funds	as	received	from	such	Lender)	to	such	Lender,	without	interest.
(h)
In	the	event	that,	notwithstanding	the	fulfillment	of	the	applicable	conditions	set	forth	in	Section
5.02	hereof	with	respect	to	a	Loan,	a	Conduit	Lender	elected	to	make	an	advance	on	a	Loan	Increase	Date	but	failed	to
make	its	portion	of	the	Loan	available	to	the	Paying	Agent	when	required	by	this	Section	2.01,	such	Conduit	Lender	shall
be	deemed	to	have	rescinded	its	election	to	make	such	advance,	and	neither	the	Borrower	nor	any	other	party	shall	have
any	claim	against	such	Conduit	Lender	by	reason	of	its	failure	to	timely	make	such	purchase.	In	any	such	case,	the	Paying
Agent	shall	give	notice	of	such	failure	not	later	than	1:30	p.m.,	New	York	City	time,	on	the	Loan	Increase	Date	to	the
Borrower,	which	notice	shall	specify	(i)	the	identity	of	such	Conduit	Lender	and	(ii)	the	amount	of	the	Loan	which	it	had
elected	but	failed	to	make.	Subject	to	receiving	such	notice,	the	related	Committed	Lender	shall	advance	a	portion	of	the
Loan	in	an	amount	equal	to	the	amount	described	in	clause	(ii)	above,	at	or	before	2:00	p.m.,	New	York	City	time,	on	such
Loan	Increase	Date	and	otherwise	in	accordance	with	this	Section	2.01.	Subject	to	the	Paying	Agent’s	receipt	of	such	funds,
the	Paying	Agent	will	not	later	than	4:00	p.m.,	New	York	City	time,	on	such	Loan	Increase	Date	make	such	funds	available,
in	the	same	type	of	funds	received,	by	wire	transfer	thereof	to	the	account	specified	in	writing	by	the	Borrower.
-41-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(i)
The	failure	of	any	Lender	to	make	any	Loan	required	to	be	made	by	it	shall	not	relieve	any	other
Lender	of	its	obligations	hereunder;	provided,	that	the	Commitments	of	the	Lenders	are	several	and	no	Lender	shall	be
responsible	for	any	other	Lender’s	failure	to	make	Loans	as	required.
(j)
After	the	Borrower	delivers	a	Loan	Request	pursuant	to	
Section	5.02
,	a	Lender	(or	its	Group
Agent)	may,	not	later	than	4:00	p.m.	(New	York	time)	on	the	Business	Day	after	the	Borrower’s	delivery	of	such	Loan
Request,	deliver	a	written	notice	(a	“
Delayed	Funding	Notice
”,	the	date	of	such	delivery,	the	“
Delayed	Funding	Notice
Date
”	and	such	Lender,	a	“
Delaying	Lender
”)	signed	by	an	Authorized	Signatory	to	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the
Administrative	Agent	of	its	intention	to	fund	its	share	of	the	related	Loan	Increase	(such	share,	the	“
Delayed	Amount
”)	on	a
date	(the	date	of	such	funding,	the	“
Delayed	Funding	Date
”)	that	is	on	or	before	the	thirty-fifth	(35th)	day	following	the
date	of	the	proposed	Loan	Increase	Date	(or	if	such	day	is	not	a	Business	Day,	then	on	the	next	succeeding	Business	Day)
rather	than	on	the	requested	Loan	Increase	Date.		Any	Group	containing	a	Delaying	Lender	shall	be	referred	to	as	a
“
Delaying	Group
”	with	respect	to	such	Loan	Increase	Date.		On	each	Delayed	Funding	Date,	subject	to	the	satisfaction	of
the	conditions	set	forth	in	
Section	5.02
,	the	Committed	Lenders	shall	(or,	in	the	case	of	a	Group	with	a	Conduit	Lender,	the
Conduit	Lender	in	such	Group	may	in	its	sole	discretion)	fund	their	ratable	amounts	of	such	requested
Loans.		Notwithstanding	anything	to	the	contrary	contained	in	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Related	Document,	the	parties
acknowledge	and	agree	that	the	failure	of	any	Lender	to	fund	its	Loan	on	the	requested	Loan	Increase	Date	will	not
constitute	a	default	on	the	part	of	such	Lender	if	any	Delaying	Lender	has	timely	delivered	a	Delayed	Funding	Notice
signed	by	an	Authorized	Signatory	to	the	Borrower	with	respect	to	such	Loan	Request.	Nothing	contained	herein	shall
prevent	the	Borrower	from	revoking	any	Loan	Request	related	to	any	Delayed	Funding	Notice.
	
SECTION	2.02
		
Interest;	Breakage	Fees
.
(a)
The	outstanding	principal	amount	of	each	Loan	shall	accrue	interest	on	each	day	at	the	then
applicable	Interest	Rate.		Whether	any	Loan	is	funded	or	maintained	hereunder	at	the	Short-Term	Note	Rate	or	Bank
Interest	Rate	shall	be	determined	in	the	sole	discretion	of	the	applicable	Group	Agent	for	the	Lender	funding	or
maintaining	such	Loan.		The	Borrower	shall	pay	all	Interest,	Usage	Fees,	Unused	Fees	and	Breakage	Fees	accrued	during
each	Interest	Period	on	the	immediately	following	Payment	Date	in	accordance	with	the	terms	and	priorities	for	payment
set	forth	in	
Section	2.04
;	
provided
,	
however
,	that	all	Interest,	Usage	Fees,	Unused	Fees	and	Breakage	Fees	accrued	during
any	Interest	Period	shall	be	due	and	payable	by	the	Borrower	on	the	immediately	following	Payment	Date	without	regard	to
whether	Collections	or	other	funds	of	the	Borrower	are	then	available	for	payment	thereof.		Notwithstanding	any	provision
of	this	Agreement	to	the	contrary,	this	Agreement	shall	not	require	the	payment	or	permit	the	collection	of	Interest	in
excess	of	the	maximum	permitted	by	applicable	law;	and	Interest	shall	not	be	considered	paid	by	any	distribution	to	the
extent	that	at	any	time	all	or	a	portion	of	such	distribution	is	rescinded	or	must	otherwise	be	returned	for	any	reason.
(b)
If	any	portion	of	any	Loan	is	repaid	other	than	on	a	Payment	Date	or	the	Borrower	fails	to	borrow
any	portion	of	any	Loan	requested	in	a	Loan	Request,	the	Borrower	shall	pay	to	the	Lenders	any	Breakage	Fees	incurred	by
the	Lenders.
SECTION	2.03
		
Invoices;	Payments
.		No	later	than	the	second	Business	Day	of	each	month,	each	Group
Agent	will	provide	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	with	an	invoice	showing	the
Interest,	Usage	Fee	Amount,	Unused	Fee	Amount	and	other	Secured	Obligations	due	(or	estimated	to	be	due)	to	each
Lender	in	its	Group	pursuant	to	this	Agreement	and	the	Fee	Letter	on	the	Payment
-42-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Date	occurring	in	such	month.		The	Borrower	hereby	agrees	to	pay	to	such	Group	Agent	for	the	account	of	its	related
Secured	Parties,	as	and	when	due	in	accordance	with	this	Agreement	and	the	Fee	Letter,	the	Interest	Distributable
Amount,	the	Principal	Distributable	Amount	and	the	other	Secured	Obligations	payable	to	such	Group.		Nothing	in	this
Agreement	shall	limit	in	any	way	the	obligations	of	the	Borrower	to	pay	the	amounts	set	forth	in	this	
Section	2.03
.
SECTION	2.04
		
Deposits;	Distributions
.
(a)
All	Collections	shall	be	deposited	into	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	as	provided	in	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement.	All	Repurchase	Amounts,	and	Reallocation	Proceeds	shall	also	be	deposited	into	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	as	provided	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement.
(b)
On	each	Payment	Date,	subject	to	
Section	2.07
,	the	Servicer	shall	cause	to	be	deposited	to	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	from	the	Reserve	Account,	an	amount	equal	to	the	lesser	of	(i)	the	amount	of	cash	or
other	immediately	available	funds	on	deposit	in	the	Reserve	Account	on	such	Payment	Date	and	(ii)	the	amount,	if	any,	by
which	(x)	the	amounts	required	to	be	applied	pursuant	to	
clauses	first
	
through
	
sixth
	of	
Section	2.04(c)
	on	such	Payment
Date	and	for	any	preceding	Payment	Date	(to	the	extent	not	previously	paid)	exceeds	(y)	the	Available	Amounts	for	such
Payment	Date	(other	than	Available	Amounts	attributable	to	amounts	transferred	from	the	Reserve	Account	for	such
Payment	Date);	
provided
,	
however
,	that	on	the	first	Payment	Date	to	occur	after	the	Termination	Date,	the	Servicer	shall
transfer	the	entire	amount	in	the	Reserve	Account	(other	than	funds	deposited	by	the	Borrower	that	are	not	proceeds	of	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Asset	or	payable	pursuant	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement	or	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale
Agreement	to	satisfy	the	minimum	balance	requirements	of	the	depository	institution	holding	the	Reserve	Account)	to	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account.
(c)
On	each	Payment	Date,	the	Servicer	(or,	if	the	Administrative	Agent	has	revoked	the	Servicer’s
power	to	direct	payments	from	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	pursuant	to	the	Transaction	Documents,
the		Administrative	Agent)	shall	cause	the	monies	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	attributable	to	Available
Amounts	for	such	Payment	Date	to	be	applied	in	the	following	amounts	and	order	of	priority	pursuant	to	instructions	of	the
Servicer	approved	by	the	Administrative	Agent	(as	confirmed	by	the	Administrative	Agent	to	the	Servicer	and	the
Collection	Account	Bank):
(i)
first
,	[Intentionally	Omitted];
(ii)
second
,	to	the	Servicer	for	the	payment	of	the	accrued	Servicing	Fees	payable	for	the	immediately
preceding	Settlement	Period	(plus,	if	applicable,	the	amount	of	Servicing	Fees	payable	for	any	prior	Settlement	Period	to
the	extent	such	amount	has	not	been	distributed	to	the	Servicer);	and,	if	the	Back-Up	Servicer	is	the	Successor	Servicer
under	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement,	for	the	payment	of	the	Successor	Servicer	Engagement	Fee	(to	the	extent
not	paid	by	TFL)	and	the	unpaid	out-of-pocket	expenses	and	indemnities	owed	to	it	as	Successor	Servicer;	
provided
,
however
,	that	the	aggregate	amount	distributed	on	any	Payment	Date	for	out-of-pocket	expenses	and	indemnities	pursuant
to	this	
clause
	shall	not	exceed	$200,000	per	calendar	year	unless	approved	by	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Borrower;
-43-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(iii)
third
,	on	a	
pari	passu
	basis,	(x)	to	the	Trustee	Bank	(to	the	extent	not	previously	paid	by	TFL),	for
the	payment	of	accrued	and	unpaid	fees	of	the	Trustee	Bank	of	$2,000	per	annum,
	(y)	to	the	depositary	institutions	where
the	Reserve	Account	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	are	maintained	for	payment	of	accrued	and	unpaid
maintenance	fee	of	up	to	$
500
	per	month,	(z)	to	the	Back-Up	Servicer	for	the	payment	of	the	accrued	and	unpaid	Back-Up
Servicing	Fees
	and	(xx)	to	the	Paying	Agent	for	the	payment	of	accrued	and	unpaid	fees	of	the	Paying	Agent	of	$875	per
month
;
(iv)
fourth
,	on	a	
pari
	
passu
	basis,	(w)	to	the	Trustee	Bank	(to	the	extent	not	previously	paid	by	TFL),
for	the	payment	of	out-of-pocket	expenses	incurred	by	the	Trustee	Bank	and	the	indemnities	owed	to	the	Trustee	Bank,
provided
,	that	the	aggregate	amount	distributed	pursuant	to	this	
subclause	(w)
	shall	not	exceed	$100,000	per	calendar
year;	(x)	to	the	Back-Up	Servicer	for	the	payment	of	out-of-pocket	expenses	incurred	by	the	Back-Up	Servicer	and	the
indemnities	owed	to	the	Back-Up	Servicer;	
provided
,	that	the	aggregate	amount	distributed	pursuant	to	this	
subclause
	(x)
shall	not	exceed	$25,000	per	calendar	year;	(y)	to	the	depositary	institution	where	the	Reserve	Account	and	the	Warehouse
SUBI	Collection	Account	are	maintained,	for	the	payment	of	out-of-pocket	expenses	incurred	by	such	depositary	institution
and	the	indemnities	owed	to	such	depositary	institution,	
provided
,	that	the	aggregate	amount	distributed	pursuant	to	this
subclause	(y)
	shall	not	exceed	$25,000	per	calendar	year;	(z)	to	the	Paying	Agent	for	the	payment	of	out-of-pocket	expenses
incurred	by	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	indemnities	owed	to	the	Paying	Agent;	
provided
,	that	the	aggregate	amount
distributed	pursuant	to	
subclause	(z)
	shall	not	exceed	$25,000	per	calendar	year;
(v)
fifth
,	on	a	
pari
	
passu
	basis	and	pro	rata	based	on	the	applicable	amounts	payable	under
subclauses	(x)
	and	
(y)
	of	this	
clause	fifth
,	(x)	to	the	Paying	Agent	(for	the	account	of	the	Lenders),	the	Interest	Distributable
Amount,	and	(y)	to	each	applicable	provider	of	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge,	any	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Payments	and	Interest
Rate	Hedge	Termination	Payment	required	to	be	paid	by	the	Borrower,	to	the	extent	not	previously	paid;
(vi)
sixth
,	on	a	
pari
	
passu
	basis	and	pro	rata	to	the	Paying	Agent	(for	the	account	of	the	Lenders),	the
Principal	Distributable	Amount;
(vii)
seventh
,	for	deposit	in	the	Reserve	Account,	the	amount	necessary	to	cause	the	amount	on
deposit	therein	to	equal	to	the	Required	Reserve	Account	Balance	for	such	Payment	Date;
(viii)
eighth
,	on	a	
pari
	
passu
	basis,	to	the	payment	of	all	other	Secured	Obligations	then	due	and
owing	by	the	Borrower	to	the	Lender	Parties	and	the	Paying	Agent;
(ix)
ninth
,	on	a	
pari
	
passu
	basis,	to	the	payment	of	all	other	costs,	expenses,	fees,	indemnities	and
other	amounts	payable	at	such	time	to	the	Trustee	Bank	and	the	Back-Up	Servicer	or	Successor	Servicer	pursuant	to	the
Trust	Agreement	and	this	Agreement,	as	applicable,	in	each	case,	solely	to	the	extent	such	costs,	expenses,	fees,
indemnities	and	other	amounts	are	payable	in	respect	of	the	Collateral	and	not	otherwise	paid	to	the	Trustee	Bank,	the
Back-Up	Servicer,	the	Paying	Agent	or	Successor	Servicer,	as	applicable;	and
(x)
tenth
,	if	(A)	no	Default	is	continuing	and	has	not	been	waived	or	(B)	if	the	Termination	Date	has
occurred,	the	balance,	if	any,	to	be	paid	to	the	Borrower	for	its	own	account.
-44-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Any	Available	Amounts	remaining	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	after	the	distribution	of	such	amounts
pursuant	to	this	Section	2.04(c)	on	a	Payment	Date	shall	remain	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	to	be
distributed	as	Available	Amounts	for	the	following	Payment	Date.
In	approving	or	giving	any	distribution	instructions	under	this	
Section	2.04(c)
,	each	of	the	Administrative	Agent
and	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to	rely	conclusively	on	the	most	recent	Settlement	Statement	provided	to	it	pursuant
to	
Section	2.08
	and	shall	incur	no	liability	to	any	Person	in	connection	with	relying	on	such	Settlement	Statements
	
or	if	the
Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	makes	different	payments	or	makes	no	payments	if	the	Administrative	Agent	or
the	Paying	Agent	has	concerns	that	the	Settlement	Statement	might	be	incorrect.
(d)
For	so	long	as	the	Monthly	Remittance	Condition	is	satisfied,	the	deposits	into	the	Warehouse
SUBI	Collection	Account	pursuant	to	
Section	2.04(a)
	may	be	made	net	of	the	Servicing	Fee	to	be	distributed	to	the	Servicer
pursuant	to	
Section	2.04(c)
.		Nonetheless,	the	Servicer	shall	account	for	the	Servicing	Fee	in	the	Settlement	Statement	as	if
such	amount	was	deposited	into	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	and/or	transferred	separately.
SECTION	2.05
		
Payments	and	Computations,	Etc
.		All	amounts	to	be	paid	or	deposited	by	the	Borrower	or
the	Servicer	to	a	Lender	Party	(whether	for	its	own	account	or	for	the	account	of	another	Lender	Party)	shall	be	paid	or
deposited	to	the	Paying	Agent	Account	no	later	than	10:00	a.m.	(New	York	time)	on	the	day	when	due	in	such	coin	or
currency	of	the	United	States	of	America	as	at	the	time	of	payment	shall	be	legal	tender	for	the	payment	of	public	and
private	debts,	in	an	amount	in	immediately	available	funds	which	(together	with	any	amounts	then	held	by	the	Paying
Agent	and	available	for	that	purpose)	shall	be	sufficient	to	pay	the	amount	becoming	due	on	such	date;	
provided	that
	any
such	payment	or	deposit	received	after	10:00	a.m.	(New	York	time)	on	any	day	shall	be	deemed	to	be	paid	by	the	Borrower
or	the	Servicer	on	the	next	Business	Day.	The	Paying	Agent	shall	promptly	distribute	the	amount	received	to	the	applicable
Lender.	The	Borrower	shall	confirm	by	facsimile	or	electronically	in	PDF	format	on	the	day	payment	is	due	to	be	made	to
the	Paying	Agent	that	it	has	issued	irrevocable	payment	instructions	for	the	transfer	of	the	relevant	sum	due	to	the	Paying
Agent	Account.	The	Paying	Agent	acknowledges	that	it	does	not	have	any	interest	in	any	such	funds	held	by	it	in	trust
deposited	hereunder	but	is	serving	as	Paying	Agent	only.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	be	under	no	liability	for	interest	on	any
money	received	by	it	hereunder.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	not	be	required	to	use	or	risk	its	own	funds	in	making	any
payment	on	the	Loans.		All	sums	to	be	paid	or	deposited	by	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer	to	the	Paying	Agent	hereunder
shall	be	paid	to	the	Paying	Agent	Account	or	such	account	with	such	bank	as	the	Paying	Agent	may	from	time	to	time	notify
the	Borrower	in	writing	not	less	than	three	Business	Days	before	any	such	sum	is	due	and	payable.	The	Borrower	shall,	to
the	extent	permitted	by	law,	pay	to	each	Lender	Party,	on	the	first	Payment	Date	that	is	at	least	ten	(10)	days	after	demand
therefor,	interest	on	all	amounts	not	paid	or	deposited	when	due	to	such	Lender	Party	hereunder	at	a	rate	equal	to	the
Default	Rate.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	remit	funds	to	each	Lender	in	accordance	with	this	Agreement	and	the	wiring
instructions	provided	by	such	Lender	(or	its	related	Group	Agent)	to	the	Paying	Agent.
SECTION	2.06
		
Reserve	Account	and	Paying	Agent	Account
.
(a)
The	Borrower	shall	cause	to	be	established	and	maintained	in	the	name	of	the	Administrative
Agent	(or	in	the	name	of	the	Borrower	for	the	benefit	of	the	Administrative	Agent)	the	Reserve	Account.		The	Reserve
Account	will	be	an	Eligible	Account	established	pursuant	to	a	Control	Agreement	with	respect	to	which	the	Administrative
Agent	shall,	at	all	times,	be	an	Entitlement	Holder	or	purchaser	with	Control
-45-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
and	will	bear	a	designation	to	clearly	indicate	that	the	funds	and	Financial	Assets	deposited	therein	are	held	for	the	benefit
of	the	Administrative	Agent.	If	the	Reserve	Account	ceases	to	be	an	Eligible	Account,	the	Borrower	shall	within	ten	days	of
receipt	of	notice	of	such	change	in	eligibility	transfer	such	account	to	an	account	that	meets	the	requirements	of	an	Eligible
Account	and	that	is	established	pursuant	to	a	substitute	Control	Agreement	with	respect	to	which	the	Administrative	Agent
shall	be	an	Entitlement	Holder	or	purchaser	with	Control	and	which	bears	a	designation	to	indicate	clearly	that	the	funds
and	Financial	Assets	deposited	therein	are	held	for	the	benefit	of	the	Administrative	Agent.		The	Borrower	may,	with	the
consent	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent,	establish	a	new	Reserve	Account	subject	to	a	new	Control
Agreement	in	replacement	of	the	existing	Reserve	Account	and	related	Control	Agreement.
(b)
The	Borrower	shall	cause	to	be	established	and	maintained	in	the	name	of	the	Borrower	for	the
benefit	of	the	Secured	Parties	with	the	Paying	Agent	an	Eligible	Account	as	the	Paying	Agent	Account.	Funds	on	deposit	in
the	Paying	Agent	Account	shall	remain	uninvested.
(c)
The	Servicer	may	invest	the	funds,	if	any,	in	the	Reserve	Account	in	Eligible	Investments,	held	in
the	name	of	the	Administrative	Agent,	which	shall	mature	no	later	than	the	day	prior	to	the	Payment	Date	following	such
investment.	Any	income	or	other	gain	from	such	Eligible	Investments	in	the	Reserve	Account	shall	be	retained	in	the
Reserve	Account	to	the	extent	the	amount	on	deposit	in	the	Reserve	Account	is	less	than	the	Required	Reserve	Account
Balance	and	the	excess,	if	any,	shall,	subject	to	
Section	2.04(b)
,	be	paid	on	each	Payment	Date	to	the	Borrower.		Any	losses
on	Eligible	Investments	shall	be	made	up	by	the	Servicer	on	each	Payment	Date.		
SECTION	2.07
		
Withdrawals	from	Reserve	Account
.		Moneys	in	the	Reserve	Account	shall,	on	each
Payment	Date,	be	transferred	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	as	and	to	the	extent	required	in
Section	2.04(b)
.		Upon	the	appointment	of	the	Back-Up	Servicer	as	successor	servicer	pursuant	to	Section	4.2	of	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement,	the	Successor	Servicer	Engagement	Fee	shall	be	withdrawn	from	the	Reserve
Account	and	distributed	to	the	Back-Up	Servicer,	if	TFL	has	complied	with	the	obligation	to	deposit	such	amount	into	the
Reserve	Account	in	accordance	with	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement.		On	each	Payment	Date,	to	the	extent	that
the	funds	in	the	Reserve	Account	exceed	the	Required	Reserve	Account	Balance,	the	Servicer	may,	subject	to	
Section
2.04(b)
,	cause	the	amount	of	such	excess	to	be	withdrawn	from	the	Reserve	Account	and	distributed	to	the	Borrower;
provided,	however,	that	if	the	Successor	Servicer	Engagement	Fee	is	deposited	into	the	Reserve	Account	and	until	such	fee
amount	is	withdrawn	therefrom,	any	such	excess	amount	distributable	to	the	Borrower	shall	be	net	of	the	Successor
Servicer	Engagement	Fee.	On	the	first	Payment	Date	occurring	on	or	after	the	Termination	Date,	all	funds	in	the	Reserve
Account	shall	be	withdrawn	and	transferred	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account.		To	the	extent	that	any	funds
remain	in	the	Reserve	Account	after	the	Secured	Obligations	have	been	reduced	to	zero	after	the	Termination	Date,	such
funds	shall	be	withdrawn	and	distributed	to,	or	as	directed	by,	the	Borrower.		Each	Settlement	Statement	shall	specify	the
amount,	if	any,	which	is	scheduled	to	be	withdrawn	from	the	Reserve	Account	and	distributed	to	the	Borrower	on	the	next
succeeding	Payment	Date.
SECTION	2.08
	
Reports
.		On	or	before	the	Determination	Date	in	each	month,	the	Servicer	shall	prepare
and	forward	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	a	Settlement	Statement,	calculated	as	of	the	close	of
business	of	the	Borrower	on	the	last	day	of	the	related	Settlement	Period	and	including	information	for	the	next	succeeding
Payment	Date.	The	Servicer	shall	include,	without	limitation,	in	the	Settlement	Statement	whether	any	Portfolio
Performance	Condition	shall	have	occurred	or	shall	be	continuing	during	the	related	Settlement	Period,	shall	describe	any
such	Portfolio	Performance	Condition,	and	shall	evidence	the	calculations	used	to	make	such	determination.
-46-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
For	the	avoidance	of	doubt:
(i)
each	Settlement	Statement	shall	include	a	calculation	(in	detail	reasonably	satisfactory	to	the
Lender)	of	the	average	of	the	Delinquency	Ratios	and	annualized	average	of	the	Credit	Loss	Ratios	for	the	three	(3)	most
recent	Settlement	Periods	ended	on	the	last	day	of	the	calendar	month	preceding	the	related	Determination	Date;
(ii)
each	Settlement	Statement	delivered	on	a	Quarterly	Report	Date	shall	include	a	calculation	of	the
Residual	Value	Loss	Ratio	with	respect	to	the	three	consecutive	Settlement	Periods	ended	on	the	last	day	of	the	calendar
month	immediately	preceding	the	most	recent	RVLR	Calculation	Date	and,	without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing,
the	Servicer	shall,	upon	the	Administrative	Agent’s	request	delivered	at	least	five	(5)	Business	Days	prior	to	a	Quarterly
Report	Date,	furnish	to	the	Administrative	Agent	an	updated	calculation	of	the	Residual	Value	Loss	Ratio	furnished	to	the
Administrative	Agent	on	the	immediately	preceding	Quarterly	Report	Date,	it	being	understood	and	agreed	that	any	such
updated	calculation	of	the	Residual	Value	Loss	Ratio	shall	be	solely	for	informational	purposes;	and
(iii)
each	Settlement	Statement	delivered	on	a	Quarterly	Report	Date	shall	include	a	calculation	of	the
most	recent	Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual	Values	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases.
In	addition,	the	Servicer	shall	deliver	to	the	Administrative	Agent	(i)	on	each	Quarterly	Report	Date,
unaudited	reports	(substantially	in	the	form	of	
Exhibits	I
	,	
J	
and	
K
	hereto,	respectively)	containing	delinquency,	loss	and
residual	value	data	as	of,	and	for	the	for	the	Servicer’s	fiscal	year	to	date	ended	on,	the	last	day	of	the	calendar	quarter
immediately	preceding	such	Quarterly	Report	Date	with	respect	to	all	leases	owned	by	the	Trust	and	serviced	by	TFL
(regardless	of	whether	such	leases	are	allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI)	and	(ii)	on	each	Quarterly	Report	Date	occurring
in	the	months	of	March,	June,	September	and	December,	a	copy	of	a	report	produced	by	Automotive	Lease	Guide	(in	form
and	substance	reasonably	satisfactory	to	the	Administrative	Agent)	setting	forth	the	Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual	Value
of	each	Leased	Vehicle	related	to	each	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease,	in	each	case,	as	of	the	Mark	to	Market	Adjustment	Date
immediately	preceding	such	Quarterly	Report	Date.		The	Borrower	shall,	or	shall	cause	the	Servicer	to,	furnish	to	the
Administrative	Agent	at	any	time	and	from	time	to	time,	such	other	or	further	information	in	respect	of	the	Leases,	the
Borrower	and	the	Servicer	as	the	Administrative	Agent	or	any	Lender	may	reasonably	request.
SECTION	2.09
		
Reallocation	and	Repurchase	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets
.
(a)
Upon	the	occurrence	of	an	event	requiring	TBM	to	reallocate	a	Lease	and	the	related	Leased
Vehicle	pursuant	to	Section	2.7	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement,	the	Borrower	shall	cause	the	Repurchase	Amount
paid	by	TBM	to	be	deposited	or	shall	deposit	the	Repurchase	Amount	paid	by	it,	as	applicable,	into	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Collection	Account.		Upon	such	payment,	the	applicable	Lease	and	Leased	Vehicle	shall	be	reallocated	to	the	TBM	SUBI	in
accordance	with	the	terms	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement.
(b)
From	time	to	time	in	its	sole	discretion,	the	Borrower	may	provide	notice,	signed	by	an	Authorized
Signatory,	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	that	it	wishes	to	remove	from	the	Collateral
and	reallocate	to	the	UTI	or	another	SUBI	(including	the	TBM	SUBI)	the	Securitization	Take-Out	Collateral.		Any	such
removal	and	reallocation	of	Securitization	Take-Out	Collateral	(each	a	“
Securitization	Take-Out
”)	shall	be	subject	to	the
following	additional	terms	and	conditions.
-47-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(i)
(A)	The	Borrower	shall	have	given	the	Administrative	Agent
,	the	Paying	Agent
	and	each	Group
Agent	at	least	five	(5)	Business	Days’	prior	written	notice	in	the	form	of	
Exhibit	F
	hereto
,	signed	by	an	Authorized
Signatory,
	of	its	desire	to	effect	a	Securitization	Take-Out,	and	(B)	the	Servicer	shall	have	delivered	to	the	Administrative
Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	at	least	three	(3)	Business	Days	prior	to	the	proposed	Securitization	Take-Out	Date	a
certificate	in	the	form	of	
Exhibit	G
	hereto	(each	a	“
Securitization	Take-Out	Certificate
”);
(ii)
Any	such	Securitization	Take-Out	shall	be	in	connection	with	a	reallocation	of	Warehouse	SUBI
Leases	and	the	related	Leased	Vehicles	to	the	UTI	or	another	SUBI	(including	the	TBM	SUBI)	in	connection	with	a
securitization	transaction	or	other	type	of	financing	or	refinancing	and	shall	relate	to	the	removal	of	Leases	with	a
minimum	Securitization	Value	of	$75	million;
(iii)
The	Borrower	shall	have	sufficient	funds	on	the	related	Securitization	Take-Out	Date	to	effect	the
contemplated	Securitization	Take-Out	in	accordance	with	this	Agreement.		In	effecting	any	such	Securitization	Take-Out,
the	Borrower	may	(A)	give	effect	to	Available	Amounts	on	deposit	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	at	such	time
to	the	extent	consistent	with	the	requirements	of	clause	(v)	below	(as	evidenced	by	the	related	Securitization	Take-Out
Certificate),	(B)	based	on	the	related	Securitization	Take-Out	Certificate,	give	effect	to	the	amounts	on	deposit	in	the
Reserve	Account,	to	the	extent	the	amount	on	deposit	therein	exceeds	the	Required	Reserve	Account	Balance	(after	giving
effect	to	such	Securitization	Take-Out	and	to	any	Loan	on	the	related	Securitization	Take-Out	Date);	
provided
	that	such
excess	may	be	used	by	the	Borrower	on	the	related	Securitization	Take-Out	Date	to	pay	a	portion	of	the	Securitization
Take-Out	Price	and/or	(C)	use	its	own	funds	not	in	the	Collection	Account	or	the	Reserve	Account;
(iv)
In	connection	with	any	such	Securitization	Take-Out	that	does	not	constitute	a	removal	and
reallocation	of	all	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets,	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets	constituting	part	of	the	Securitization	Take-
Out	Collateral	with	respect	to	such	Securitization	Take-Out	shall	be	selected	in	a	manner	not	involving	any	adverse
selection	procedures	(excluding,	however,	any	Leases	subject	to	a	repurchase	obligation);
(v)
After	giving	effect	to	any	Securitization	Take-Out,	on	the	related	Securitization	Take-Out	Date,	(A)
if	such	Securitization	Take-Out	does	not	include	all	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases,	no	Default	or	Event	of	Default	shall
have	occurred	and	be	continuing	and	the	Scheduled	Expiration	Date	shall	not	have	occurred,	(B)	each	Interest	Rate	Hedge
then	in	effect	shall	satisfy	the	requirements	contained	in	the	definition	of	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Agreement	and	the
aggregate	notional	principal	amount	of	all	such	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Agreements	shall	satisfy	the	requirements
contained	in	the	definition	of	“Required	Aggregate	Notional	Principal	Amount,”
	
such	that	the	aggregate	notional	amount	of
all	Interest	Rate	Hedges	thereafter	in	effect	shall	be	equal	to	the	Loan	Balance,	and	the	Borrower	shall	have	terminated
any	Interest	Rate	Hedges	(terminating	interest	rate	swap	transactions	in	descending	order	from	the	interest	rate	swap
transaction	with	the	highest	fixed	rate	to	the	Interest	Rate	Hedge	with	the	next	highest	fixed	rate	and	so	on)	and	shall	have
paid	all	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Termination	Payments	due	and	owing	in	connection	with	the	termination	thereof,	provided
that	in	no	event	shall	any	interest	rate	cap	be	required	to	be	terminated,	(C)	the	Loan	Balance	shall	not	exceed	the
Maximum	Loan	Balance	(determined	on	the	basis	of	the	remaining	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	not	included	in	the
Securitization	Take-Out	Collateral	that	constitute	Eligible	Leases	on	the	Securitization	Take-Out	Date,	determining	whether
such	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	are	Eligible	Leases	as	if	they	were	then	being	first	allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI),	and	(D)
sufficient	funds	will	be	available	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	on	the	next	Payment	Date	for	payments	in
accordance	with	and	to	the	extent	required	by	
clauses	first
	through	
ninth
	of	
Section	2.04(c)
;
-48-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(vi)
On	the	related	Securitization	Take-Out	Date,	the	
Paying
	Agent	
(for	the	account	of	the	Lenders)
shall	have	received
	in	the	Paying	Agent	Account
,	in	immediately	available	funds,	an	amount	equal	to	the	Securitization
Take-Out	Price;
(vii)
No	later	than	three	(3)	Business	Days	prior	to	any	Securitization	Take-Out	Date,	the	Borrower
shall	have	delivered	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	a	list	of	Leases	(which	list	may	be	in	an	electronic
format)	subject	to	such	Securitization	Take-Out;	and
(viii)
The	Borrower	shall	have	paid	(or	shall	pay	promptly	following	receipt	of	an	invoice	therefor)	the
reasonable	legal	fees	and	expenses	(including	fees	and	expenses	of	counsel)	of	the	Lender	Parties	and	the	Paying	Agent	in
connection	with	such	Securitization	Take-Out.
SECTION	2.10
		
Procedures	for	Extension	of	Scheduled	Expiration	Date
.			So	long	as	no	Default	or	Event	of
Default	shall	have	occurred	and	be	continuing,	no	more	than	ninety	(90)	and	no	less	than	sixty	(60)	days	prior	to	the	then
current	Scheduled	Expiration	Date,	the	Borrower	may	request	that	each	Lender	consent	to	the	extension	of	the	Scheduled
Expiration	Date	for	up	to	a	364-day	period	as	provided	in	this	
Section	2.10
,	which	decision	shall	be	made	by	each	Lender	in
its	sole	discretion.		Each	Lender	shall	use	reasonable	efforts	to	notify	the	Borrower	of	its	willingness	or	its	determination
not	to	consent	to	such	extension	of	the	Scheduled	Expiration	Date	as	soon	as	practical	after	receiving	such	notice,	and	in
any	event	by	the	thirtieth	(30th)	day	preceding	the	then	current	Scheduled	Expiration	Date	(the	“
Response	Date
”),	it	being
understood	that	any	Lender	that	fails	to	provide	such	notice	shall	be	deemed	not	to	consent	to	such	extension.		If	(i)	a
Lender	has	agreed	by	the	Response	Date	to	the	extension	of	the	Scheduled	Expiration	Date,	(ii)	as	of	the	Response	Date,	no
Default	or	Event	of	Default	shall	have	occurred	and	be	continuing,	and	(iii)	all	Loans	and	accrued	interest	thereon	and
other	Secured	Obligations	owing	to	non-extending	Lenders	shall	have	been	paid	by	the	Borrower	in	full	on	the	current
Scheduled	Expiration	Date,	then,	in	such	event,	the	Scheduled	Expiration	Date	shall	be	extended	to	the	date	which	is	such
requested	number	of	days	(but	in	no	event	more	than	364	days)	following	the	Response	Date	or,	if	such	day	is	not	a
Business	Day,	the	next	preceding	Business	Day	and,	to	the	extent	any	Committed	Lenders	did	not	consent	to	such
extension,	the	Facility	Limit	shall	be	reduced	by	the	amount	of	such	Committed	Lenders’	Commitments	(except	to	the
extent	concurrently	replaced	by	increases	in	the	Commitments	of	consenting	Lenders	or	new	Lenders).
SECTION	2.11
	
Increase	of	Maximum	Facility	Limit	and	Reduction	of	Maximum	Facility	Limit
.
(a)
So	long	as	no	Default	or	Event	of	Default	shall	have	occurred	and	be	continuing,	TFL	may,	at	the
written	directions	of	the	Borrower	and	TFL	Borrower	increase	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	subject	to	the	following	terms
and	conditions:
(i)
TFL	shall	send	a	written	notice	(such	notice,	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Notice
”)	signed	by
an	Authorized	Signatory	to	the	Administrative	Agent	(who	shall	forward	the	same	to	the	Group	Agents)	and	TFL
Administrative	Agent,	which	notice	shall	specify:
(A)
the	amount	by	which	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	is	proposed	to	be	increased	(the
“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Amount
”);
-49-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(B)
the	date	on	which	such	increase	is	proposed	to	occur	(the	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit
Increase	Date
”),	which	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Date	shall	be	not	less	than	thirty	(30)	days	after
the	date	of	such	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Notice;	and
(C)
the	amount	of	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Amount	to	be	allocated	to	the	Facility
Limit	and	the	TFL	Facility	Limit.
(ii)
Each	existing	Committed	Lender	may	in	its	discretion	agree	to	all	or	part	of	such	pro	rata	increase
of	its	Commitment.		If	any	existing	Committed	Lender	does	not	agree	to	increase	its	Commitment	Amount	or	agrees	to
increase	its	Commitment	Amount	by	an	amount	that	is	less	than	its	Commitment	Percentage	of	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit
Increase	Amount,	then	TFL	and	the	Borrower	may	effect	such	portion	of	the	requested	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase
Amount	not	agreed	to	by	an	existing	Committed	Lender	by	adding	additional	Persons	as	Lenders	(either	to	an	existing
Group	or	by	creating	new	Groups)	to	undertake	Commitments	or	obtaining	the	agreement	of	another	existing	Committed
Lender	to	increase	its	Commitment	Amount	on	a	greater	than	pro	rata	basis;	
provided
,	
however
,	that		the	Commitment	of
any	existing	Lender	may	only	be	increased	with	the	prior	written	consent	of	such	Lender.
(iii)
In	order	to	cause	each	Lender	(including	existing	Lenders,	if	any,	whose	Commitments	are
increasing	on	the	applicable	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Date	and	new	Lenders,	if	any,	who	are	becoming	parties	to
this	Agreement	on	such	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Date)	to	own	its	respective	Commitment	Percentage	of	the
Facility	Limit,	and	Loans,	on	any	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Date	(after	giving	effect	to	the	increase	of	the	Maximum
Facility	Limit	on	such	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Date),	each	existing	Lender	shall	sell,	transfer	and	assign	pursuant
to	one	or	more	Assignment	and	Assumption	Agreements,	on	such	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Date,	the	appropriate
portion,	if	any,	of	its	Commitment	and	Loan,	as	applicable,	to	one	or	more	Lenders		such	that	each	Lender’s	Loan	and
Commitment,	as	applicable,	will	be	proportionate	to	its	Commitment	Percentage.
(iv)
On	each	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Date,	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	will	be	increased	by
the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Amount	specified	in	the	related	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Notice	if	(x)	each	of
the	applicable	existing	Lender,	and	new	Lenders	has	taken	all	of	the	actions	specified	in	clause	(iii)	above,	(y)	each	existing
Lender	whose	Loans	are	being	reduced	have	received	payment	therefor,	and	(z)	each	Lender	who	is	accepting	Loans	and
Commitment	from	another	Lender	on	such	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Date	has	executed	a	new	signature	page	to
this	Agreement,	which	signature	page	will	evidence	such	Lender’s	acceptance	of	such	Loans,	and/or	Commitment,	as
applicable,	on	such	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Date.
(v)
On	each	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Increase	Date,	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	update	its	books
and	records	to	reflect	the	updated	Maximum	Facility	Limit,	Facility	Limit	and	Commitment	of	each	Lender.
(b)
TFL	may,	at	the	written	directions	of	the	Borrower	and	TFL	Borrower	reduce	the	Maximum
Facility	Limit	subject	to	the	following	terms	and	conditions:
(i)
TFL	shall	send	a	written	notice	(such	notice,	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Notice
”)	signed
by	an	Authorized	Signatory	to	the	Administrative	Agent	(who	shall	forward	the	same	to	the	Group	Agents)	and	TFL
Administrative	Agent,	which	notice	shall	specify:
-50-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(A)
the	amount	by	which	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	is	proposed	to	be	reduced	(the
“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Amount
”);	
provided
	that,	the	resulting	Maximum	Facility	Limit	after
taking	into	account	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Amount	shall	not	be	less	than	the	sum	of	the
Loan	Balance
	and
	the	TFL	Loan	Balance
	
on	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Date
;
(B)
the	date	on	which	such	reduction	is	proposed	to	occur	(the	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit
Reduction	Date
”),	which	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Date	shall	be	not	less	than	five	(5)	Business
Days	after	the	date	of	such	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Notice;	and
(C)
the	amount	of	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Amount	that	shall	reduce	the
Facility	Limit	and	the	TFL	Facility	Limit,	respectively,	
provided
	that	the	Facility	Limit	shall	not	be	less	than
the	Loan	Balance	on	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Date.
(ii)
On	each	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Date,	the	Facility	Limit	will	be	reduced	by	the	amount
specified	in	the	related	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Notice	and	each	such	reduction	shall	reduce	each	Lender’s
Commitment	by	its	ratable	share	(based	on	the	Commitments	of	the	Lenders)	of	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction
Amount;	provided,	however,	that	if	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Notice	reduces	the	DB	Supplemental
Commitment,	then	such	reduction	shall	only	reduce	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch’s	Commitment	and	shall	not
reduce	each	Lender’s	Commitment	by	its	ratable	share.
(iii)
No	reduction	in	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	shall	occur	if	after	giving	effect	to	such	reduction	and
any	repayments	of	the	Loan	Balance,	the	Facility	Limit	will	be	less	than	the	Loan	Balance.
(iv)
On	each	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reduction	Date,	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	update	its	books
and	records	to	reflect	the	updated	Maximum	Facility	Limit,	Facility	Limit	and	Commitment	of	each	Lender.
SECTION	2.12
		
Reallocation	of	Maximum	Facility	Limit
.
(a)
TFL	may	from	time	to	time,	at	the	written	directions	of	the	Borrower	and	the	TFL	Borrower,
reallocate	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	between	the	Facility	Limit	and	the	TFL	Facility	Limit,	subject	to	the	following	terms
and	conditions:
(i)
TFL	shall	send	a	written	notice	(such	notice,	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Notice
”)
signed	by	an	Authorized	Signatory	to	the	Administrative	Agent	(who	shall	forward	the	same	to	the	Group
Agents)	and	the	TFL	Administrative	Agent	(who	shall	forward	the	same	to	the	TFL	Group	Agents),	which	notice
shall	specify:
(A)
the	amount	of	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	that	is	to	be	allocated	to	the	Facility	Limit,	the
amount	of	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	that	is	to	be	allocated	to	the	TFL	Facility	Limit;	
provided
	that,	the
sum	of	the	Facility	Limit	and	the	TFL	Facility	Limit	shall	be	equal	to	the	Maximum	Facility	Limit	on	the
Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Date	(as	defined	below);	and	
provided
,	
further
,	that	the	Facility	Limit
shall	not	be	less	than	the	Loan	Balance	and	the	TFL	Facility	Limit	shall	not	be	less	than	the	TFL	Loan;	and
-51-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(B)
the	date	on	which	such	reallocation	is	proposed	to	occur	(the	“
Maximum	Facility	Limit
Reallocation	Date
”),	which	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Date	shall	be	not	less	than	ten	(10)
Business	Days	after	the	date	of	such	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Notice.
(ii)
On	each	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Date,	the	Facility	Limit	and/or	the	TFL	Facility	Limit
will	be	increased	or	decreased,	as	applicable,	by	the	amount	specified	in	the	related	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation
Notice.
(iii)
No	reduction	in	the	Facility	Limit	shall	occur	in	connection	with	the	reallocation	of	the	Maximum
Facility	Limit	if	after	giving	effect	to	such	reduction	and	any	repayments	of	the	Loan	Balance,	the	Facility	Limit	will	be	less
than	the	Loan	Balance.	On	each	Maximum	Facility	Limit	Reallocation	Date,	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	update	its	books
and	records	to	reflect	the	updated	Maximum	Facility	Limit,	Facility	Limit	and	Commitment	of	each	Lender.
(iv)
Following	the	Recommenced	TFL	Facility	Borrowing	Date,	TFL	may	not	reallocate	any	portion	of
the	TFL	Facility	Limit	to	the	Facility	Limit	without	the	prior	written	consent	of	all	Group	Agents.
(b)
In	addition,	on	the	Recommenced	TFL	Facility	Borrowing	Date	and	on	each	Payment	Date
occurring	after	the	Recommenced	TFL	Facility	Borrowing	Date,	the	excess	of	the	Facility	Limit	over	the	aggregate
principal	amount	of	the	Loans	shall	automatically	be	reallocated	from	the	Facility	Limit	to	the	TFL	Facility	Limit.
SECTION	2.13
		
Optional	Prepayment
.		The	Borrower	may	prepay	the	Loans,	ratably	as	among	the	Lenders
in	accordance	with	the	respective	outstanding	principal	amount	of	their	respective	Loans,	on	any	day,	in	whole	or	in	part,
on	three	Business	Days’	prior	notice	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent,	
provided
	that
(i)	the	principal	amount	prepaid	is	at	least	$500,000	(unless	otherwise	agreed	to	in	writing	by	the	Administrative	Agent	and
each	Group	Agent),	and	(ii)	the	Borrower	pays,	on	the	date	of	prepayment	(a)	accrued	unpaid	Interest	on	the	amount	so
prepaid,	and	(b)	except	with	respect	to	a	prepayment	made	on	a	Payment	Date,	any	Breakage	Fee	incurred	by	the	Lender
Parties	as	a	result	of	such	prepayment	as	reasonably	determined	by	such	Lender.		Reference	is	made	to	
Sections	2.09
	and
3.03
	for	the	procedure	for	the	release,	if	applicable,	of	Leases	and	Leased	Vehicles	from	the	Warehouse	SUBI	in	connection
with	any	such	prepayment.		The	Borrower	may	rescind	any	notice	delivered	pursuant	to	this	Section	at	any	time	up	to	3:00
p.m.	on	the	Business	Day	immediately	prior	to	the	date	specified	in	Borrower’s	notice	for	such	prepayment,	or	extend	the
date	specified	in	such	notice	for	such	prepayment	for	a	period	of	up	to	three	additional	Business	Days.
SECTION	2.14
		
Intended	Tax	Treatment
.		Notwithstanding	anything	to	the	contrary	herein	or	in	any	other
Transaction	Document,	all	parties	to	this	Agreement	covenant	and	agree	to	treat	the	Loans	hereunder	as	debt	for	all
federal,	state,	local	and	franchise	tax	purposes	and	agree	not	to	take	any	position	on	any	tax	return	inconsistent	with	the
foregoing.
SECTION	2.15		
Register
.
(a)
On	or	prior	to	the	Amendment	No.	1	Effective	Date,	the	Administrative	Agent	will	provide	to	the
Paying	Agent	a	complete	and	correct	list	of	the	Lenders,	which	list	shall	be	provided	in	a	format	agreed	to	by	the
Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	and	shall	include	the	following	information:	(i)	full	name	of	the	Lender;	(ii)
complete	mailing	address	of	the	Lender;	(iii)	payment	instructions	for	making	payments	to	the
-52-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Lender	in	respect	of	the	Loans	and	(iv)	appropriate	Tax	ID	form.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to	conclusively	rely	on
the	accuracy	of	such	information	provided	by	the	Administrative	Agent.	At	any	time	after	the	Amendment	No.	1	Effective
Date,	the	Paying	Agent	shall	provide	to	the	Borrower,	TFL,	the	Administrative	Agent	or	any	Group	Agent	from	time	to	time
at	its	reasonable	request	a	complete	and	correct	list	of	the	Lenders	and	shall	include	the	following	information:	(i)	full	name
of	the	Lender;	(ii)	complete	mailing	address	of	the	Lender;	(iii)	payment	instructions	for	making	payments	to	the	Lender	in
respect	of	the	Loans	and	(iv)	appropriate	Tax	ID	form.	Each	Lender	agrees	that	all	notices	from	such	Lender	for	changes	of
name,	address,	contact	details	or	payment	details	of	the	Lenders	shall	be	sent	to	the	Paying	Agent	at	the	Paying	Agent’s
address	as	set	forth	in	Section	12.05.
(b)
From	and	after	the	Amendment	No.	1	Effective	Date,	the	Paying	Agent	shall,	acting	solely	for	this
purpose	as	an	agent	of	the	Borrower,	maintain	at	its	address	referred	to	in	Section	12.05	(or	such	other	address	of	the
Paying	Agent	notified	by	the	Paying	Agent	to	the	other	parties	hereto)	a	copy	of	each	Assignment	and	Acceptance
Agreement	delivered	to	and	accepted	by	it	and	a	register	for	the	recordation	of	the	names	and	addresses	of	the	Committed
Lenders	and	the	Conduit	Lenders,	the	Commitment	Amount	of	each	Committed	Lender	and	the	aggregate	outstanding
principal	amount	(and	stated	interest)	of	the	Loans	of	each	Conduit	Lender	and	Committed	Lender	from	time	to	time	(the
“
Register
”).		The	entries	in	the	Register	shall	be	conclusive	and	binding	for	all	purposes,	absent	manifest	error,	and	the
Borrower,	the	Servicer,	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent,	the	Group	Agents,	the	Conduit	Lenders	and	the
Committed	Lenders	shall	treat	each	Person	whose	name	is	recorded	in	the	Register	as	a	Committed	Lender	or	Conduit
Lender,	as	the	case	may	be,	under	this	Agreement	for	all	purposes	of	this	Agreement.		Any	of	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer,
the	Administrative	Agent,	any	Group	Agent,	any	Conduit	Lender	or	any	Committed	Lender	may	request	a	copy	of	the
Register	from	the	Paying	Agent	at	any	reasonable	time	and	from	time	to	time	upon	reasonable	prior	notice.
ARTICLE	III
COLLATERAL	AND	SECURITY	INTEREST
SECTION	3.01
		
Grant	of	Security	Interest;	Collateral
.
(a)
In	order	to	secure	the	Loans,	the	Interest	Rate	Hedges,	all	other	Secured	Obligations	and
compliance	with	this	Agreement,	the	Borrower	hereby	pledges	and	grants	to	the	Administrative	Agent	for	the	benefit	of	the
Secured	Parties	a	valid	continuing	security	interest	in	all	of	the	Borrower’s	right,	title	and	interest,	whether	now	owned	or
hereafter	acquired	or	arising	and	wherever	located,	in	and	to	all	of	the	following	(collectively,	the	“
Collateral
”):
(i)
all	accounts,	general	intangibles,	chattel	paper,	instruments,	documents,	money,	deposit	accounts,
certificates	of	deposit,	goods	(together	with	all	embedded	software,	accessions,	additions,	attachments,	improvements,
substitutions	and	replacements	thereto	and	therefor),	letters	of	credit,	letter-of-credit	rights,	commercial	tort	claims,
uncertificated	securities,	securities	accounts,	security	entitlements,	Financial	Assets,	other	investment	property	and
supporting	obligations,	including	(A)	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate	and	the	interests	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets
represented	thereby,	(B)	all	Collections,	including	all	cash	collections	and	other	cash	proceeds	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Certificate	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets	represented	thereby,	with	respect	to,	and	other	proceeds	of,	such	Warehouse
SUBI	Certificate,	(C)	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	and	the	Reserve	Account,	(D)	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale
Agreement,	(E)	each	Interest	Rate	Hedge	and	all	rights	to	payments	thereunder,	and	(F)	all	the	Borrower’s	rights	and
claims	under	the	Warehouse	SUBI
-53-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Servicing	Agreement
,	
the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement
,	Warehouse	SUBI	
Supplement
	and	all	other	Transaction
Documents;	and
(ii)
all	cash	and	non-cash	Proceeds	and	other	proceeds	of	all	of	the	foregoing;	and
(iii)
all	books,	records,	writings,	data	bases,	information	and	other	property	relating	to,	used	or	useful
in	connection	with,	evidencing,	embodying,	incorporating	or	referring	to	any	of	the	foregoing,	all	claims	and/or	insurance
proceeds	arising	out	of	the	loss,	nonconformity	or	any	interference	with	the	use	of,	or	any	defect	or	infringement	of	rights
in,	or	damage	to,	any	of	the	foregoing,	and	all	proceeds,	products,	offspring,	rents,	issues,	profits	and	returns	of	and	from,
and	all	distributions	on	and	rights	arising	out	of,	any	of	the	foregoing.
The	possession	by	the	Administrative	Agent	of	notes	and	such	other	goods,	letters	of	credit,	money,	documents,
chattel	paper	or	certificated	securities	shall	be	deemed	to	be	“possession	by	the	secured	party,”	for	purposes	of	perfecting
the	security	interest	pursuant	to	the	Relevant	UCC	(including	Section	9-313(c)(1)	(or	other	section	of	similar	content	as
Section	9-313(c)(1)	of	the	UCC)	thereof).		Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing,	for	purposes	of	Section	9-313	(or
other	section	of	similar	content)	of	the	Relevant	UCC,	the	Administrative	Agent	hereby	notifies	the	Servicer	of	the
Administrative	Agent’s	security	interest	in	the	Collateral.		The	Servicer	acknowledges	such	notification,	agrees	to	act	as	the
bailee	of	the	Administrative	Agent	with	respect	to	the	Collateral	in	its	possession	from	time	to	time	and	acknowledges	that
possession	of	Collateral	by	the	Servicer	is	deemed	to	be	possession	by	the	Administrative	Agent.
(b)
The	security	interest	granted	in	the	Collateral	pursuant	to	this	Agreement	does	not	constitute	and
is	not	intended	to	result	in	an	assumption	by	the	Administrative	Agent	of	any	obligation	(except	for	the	obligation	not	to
disturb	a	Lessee’s	right	of	quiet	enjoyment)	of	the	Trust,	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer	to	any	Lessee	or	other	Person	in
connection	with	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate,	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets	or	the	other	Collateral.
Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing,	an	executed	original	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate
and	each	other	document	that	constitutes	a	part	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	has	been	delivered	to	the	Administrative	Agent	on
the	Closing	Date	and	shall	be	held	by	the	Administrative	Agent.
Each	of	the	Borrower	and	the	Administrative	Agent	represents	and	warrants	with	respect	to	itself	that
each	remittance	of	Collections	by	the	Borrower	to	the	Administrative	Agent	hereunder	will	have	been	(i)	in	payment	of	a
debt	incurred	by	the	Borrower	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	or	financial	affairs	of	the	Borrower	and	(ii)	made	in	the
ordinary	course	of	business	or	financial	affairs	of	the	Borrower	and	the	Administrative	Agent.
SECTION	3.02
		
Protection	of	the	Administrative	Agent’s	Security	Interest
.
(a)
The	Borrower	agrees	that	from	time	to	time,	at	its	expense,	it	will	promptly	execute	and	deliver	all
instruments	and	documents	and	take	all	action	that	the	Administrative	Agent	may	reasonably	request	in	order	to	perfect	or
protect	the	Administrative	Agent’s	security	interest	in	the	Collateral	or	to	enable	the	Administrative	Agent,	to	exercise	or
enforce	any	of	its	rights	hereunder.		Without	limiting	the	foregoing,	the	Borrower	authorizes	the	filing	of	such	financing	or
continuation	statements	or	amendments	thereto	or	assignments	thereof	as	may	be	required	by	the	Administrative	Agent
and,	without	limiting	any	other	provision	of	this	Agreement,	(i)	agrees	to	deliver	to	the	Administrative	Agent	the	Warehouse
SUBI	Certificate	together	with	an	assignment	in	blank	signed	by	the	Borrower,	and	(ii)	agrees	to	mark	its	master	data
processing	records	with	a
-54-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
notation	describing	the	Administrative	Agent’s	security	interest	in	the	Collateral.		Carbon,	photographic	or	other
reproduction	of	this	Agreement	or	any	financing	statement	shall	be	sufficient	as	a	financing	statement.		The	Borrower	will,
promptly	upon	acquiring	any	commercial	tort	claim	with	a	value	exceeding	$100,000,	notify	the	Administrative	Agent	of	the
details	thereof	and	promptly	grant	to	the	Administrative	Agent	a	security	interest	therein	and	in	the	proceeds	thereof	to
secure	the	Secured	Obligations	pursuant	to	documentation	in	form	and	substance	satisfactory	to	the	Administrative	Agent.
(b)
Without	limiting	the	preceding	clause	(a),	the	Servicer	and	the	Borrower,	as	applicable,	agree	to
take	all	actions	reasonably	necessary,	including	the	filing	of	appropriate	financing	statements	and	the	giving	of	proper
registration	instructions	relating	to	any	investments,	to	protect	the	Administrative	Agent’s	interest	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Collection	Account,	the	Reserve	Account	and	any	Eligible	Investments	acquired	with	moneys	therein	(and	any	investment
earnings	thereon)	and	to	enable	the	Administrative	Agent	to	exercise	and	enforce	its	rights	under	the	Control	Agreement
relating	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	and	the	Reserve	Account.		Any	such	financing	statement	or	amendment
may	describe	the	Collateral	in	the	same	manner	as	described	in	this	Agreement	or	any	other	agreement	entered	into	by	the
parties	in	connection	herewith,	or	may	contain	an	indication	or	description	of	collateral	that	describes	such	property	in	any
other	manner	as	the	Administrative	Agent	may	determine,	in	its	sole	discretion,	is	necessary,	advisable	or	prudent	to
ensure	the	perfection	of	the	security	interest	in	the	Collateral,	including	describing	such	property	as	“all	assets	of	the
debtor	whether	now	owned	or	hereafter	acquired	or	arising	and	wheresoever	located,	including	all	accessions	thereto	and
all	products	and	proceeds	thereof”	or	words	of	similar	import.
SECTION	3.03
		
Termination	of	Security	Interest	and	Release	of	Collateral	under	Certain	Circumstances
.
(a)
The	Administrative	Agent’s	security	interest	in	monies,	if	any,	from	time	to	time	paid	to	the
Borrower	in	accordance	with	
clause	tenth
	of	
Section	2.04(c)
	or	
2.07
	shall	be	released	at	the	time	of	such	payment.
(b)
Upon	the	repayment	in	full	of	the	Loan	Balance,	reduction	of	the	Facility	Limit	to	zero,	the
novation	of	or	the	termination	and	payment	in	full	of	all	obligations	of	the	Borrower	under	all	Interest	Rate	Hedges,	the
satisfaction	in	full	of	all	other	Secured	Obligations	in	accordance	with	this	Agreement	and	the	termination	of	this
Agreement,	the	Administrative	Agent’s	security	interest	in	the	Collateral	shall	terminate.
(c)
Upon	the	termination	of	the	Administrative	Agent’s	security	interest	in	all	or	any	portion	of	the
Collateral	as	provided	in	this	
Section	3.03
,	the	Administrative	Agent	will,	at	the	request	and	expense	of	the	Borrower,	(i)
execute	and	deliver	to	the	Borrower	such	instruments	of	release	with	respect	to	such	Collateral,	in	recordable	form	if
necessary,	in	favor	of	the	Borrower,	as	the	Borrower	may	reasonably	request,	(ii)	deliver	any	such	Collateral	in	its
possession	to	the	Borrower,	and	(iii)	take	such	other	actions	as	the	Borrower	may	reasonably	request	(all	without	recourse
to,	and	without	representation	or	warranty	by,	the	Administrative	Agent,	other	than	a	representation	to	the	effect	that	no
Adverse	Claim	in	the	Collateral	has	been	created	by	such	Person)	to	evidence	the	termination	of	the	Administrative	Agent’s
security	interest	in	the	Collateral	or	the	portion	thereof	in	which	the	Administrative	Agent’s	security	interest	has	been
released.
-55-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
ARTICLE	IV
REPRESENTATIONS	AND	WARRANTIES
SECTION	4.01
		
Representations	and	Warranties	of	Borrower
.		The	Borrower	represents	and	warrants	to
the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders	on	and	as	of	the	Closing	Date,	the	Initial	Loan	Date,	each
subsequent	Loan	Increase	Date	and	each	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date	that:
(a)
Organization	and	Power
.		The	Borrower	is	a	limited	liability	company	duly	organized,	validly
existing	and	in	good	standing	under	the	laws	of	the	State	of	Delaware.		The	Borrower	has	all	requisite	power	and	all
governmental	licenses,	authorizations,	consents	and	approvals	required	to	carry	on	its	business,	including	its	business
relating	to	the	Borrower’s	purchasing	and	selling	of	receivables	relating	to	sales	of	automobiles	in	each	jurisdiction	in
which	its	business	is	now	conducted	except	where	the	failure	to	have	any	of	the	foregoing	does	not,	and	is	not	reasonably
expected	to,	have	a	Material	Adverse	Effect.
(b)
Due	Qualification
.		The	Borrower	is	duly	qualified	to	do	business	as	a	foreign	limited	liability
company	in	good	standing,	and	has	obtained	all	necessary	licenses	and	approvals	in	all	jurisdictions	in	which	the	ownership
or	lease	of	property	or	the	conduct	of	its	business	shall	require	such	qualifications	except	where	the	failure	to	do	so	does
not,	and	is	not	reasonably	expected	to,	have	a	Material	Adverse	Effect.
(c)
Authorization	and	Non-Contravention
.		The	execution,	delivery	and	performance	by	the	Borrower
of	this	Agreement	and	the	other	Transaction	Documents	to	which	it	is	a	party	are	within	the	Borrower’s	limited	liability
company	powers,	have	been	duly	authorized	by	all	necessary	limited	liability	company	action,	require	no	action	by	or	in
respect	of,	or	filing	with,	any	Official	Body	or	official	(except	as	contemplated	by	
Section	3.02
),	and	do	not	contravene	or
violate,	or	constitute	a	default	under,	(i)	any	provision	of	applicable	law,	(ii)	any	order,	rule	or	regulation	applicable	to	the
Borrower,	(iii)	the	Certificate	of	Formation	or	the	Operating	Agreement	of	the	Borrower,	as	the	case	may	be,	(iv)	any
agreement,	judgment,	injunction,	order,	decree	or	other	instrument	binding	upon	the	Borrower	or	(v)	result	in	the	creation
or	imposition	of	any	lien	on	assets	of	the	Borrower	(except	as	contemplated	by	
Section	3.02
);	except,	in	the	case	of	clauses
(i),	(ii),	(iv)	or	(v),	where	such	contravention,	violation,	default	or	lien	does	not	and	is	not	reasonably	expected	to	have	a
Material	Adverse	Effect.
(d)
Binding	Effect
.		This	Agreement	and	the	other	Transaction	Documents	to	which	the	Borrower	is	a
party	constitute	the	legal,	valid	and	binding	obligations	of	the	Borrower,	enforceable	against	the	Borrower	in	accordance
with	their	respective	terms,	subject	to	the	effect	of	bankruptcy,	insolvency,	reorganization	or	other	similar	laws	affecting
the	enforcement	of	creditors’	rights	generally.
(e)
Accuracy	of	Information
.		As	of	the	Initial	Loan	Date,	the	list	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	delivered
to	the	Administrative	Agent,	any	Group	Agent	or	any	Lender	on	or	prior	to	the	Initial	Loan	Date,	the	list	of	Warehouse	SUBI
Leases	delivered	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	any	Group	Agent	or	any	Lender	as	of	each	applicable	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease
Allocation	Date	thereafter,	and	all	other	information	heretofore	furnished	in	writing	by	the	Borrower	to	the	Administrative
Agent,	any	Group	Agent	or	any	Lender	for	purposes	of	or	in	connection	with	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction
Document	or	any	transaction	contemplated	hereby	or	thereby	is,	and	all	such	information	hereafter	furnished	in	writing	by
the	Borrower	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	any	Group	Agent	or	any	Lender,	taken	as	a	whole,	contained	or	will	contain	as	of
the	date	so	furnished,	no	untrue	statement	of	a	material	fact	or	omitted	or	will	omit	to	state	a	material	fact	necessary	to
make	the	statements	contained	herein	or	therein	materially	misleading	in	light	of	the	circumstances	in	which	such
statements	were
-56-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
made;	
provided
	that,	with	respect	to	projected	financial	information,	the	Borrower	represents	only	that	such	information
was	prepared	in	good	faith	based	upon	assumptions	believed	to	be	reasonable	at	the	time	and	information	available	to	it	at
such	time,	it	being	understood	that	the	Borrower	is	under	no	obligation	to	update	such	projections	or	underlying
information.
(f)
Actions
,
	Suits
.		Except	as	set	forth	in	
Schedule	1
,	there	are	no	actions,	suits	or	proceedings
pending,	or	to	the	knowledge	of	the	Borrower	threatened,	against	or	affecting	the	Borrower	or	its	properties,	in	or	before
any	court,	arbitrator	or	other	body,	which	(i)	are	individually	or	collectively	reasonably	expected	to	have	a	Material	Adverse
Effect,	or	(ii)	assert	the	invalidity	of	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document	to	which	the	Borrower	is	a	party	or
seek	to	prevent	the	consummation	of	the	transactions	contemplated	hereby	or	thereby.
(g)
Place	of	Business
.		The	chief	place	of	business	and	chief	executive	office	of	the	Borrower	are
located	in	Palo	Alto,	California,	and	the	offices	where	the	Borrower	keeps	its	records	regarding	the	Collateral	and	the
Electronic	Lease	Vault	are	located	in	the	United	States	in	jurisdictions	where	all	action	required	by	
Section	6.02(a)
	has
been	taken	and	completed	during	the	time	periods	required	therein.		Within	the	last	five	years,	the	Borrower	has	not
changed	its	type	of	entity	or	jurisdiction	of	organization	and	has	not	merged	or	consolidated	with	any	other	Person	or	been
the	subject	of	any	bankruptcy	proceeding.
(h)
Names
.		Except	as	described	in	
Schedule	2
,	the	Borrower	has	not	used	any	limited	liability
company	names,	trade	names	or	assumed	names	other	than	its	name	set	forth	on	the	signature	pages	of	this	Agreement.
(i)
Use	of	Proceeds
.		No	proceeds	of	the	Loans	will	be	used	for	a	purpose	which	violates,	or	would	be
inconsistent	with	regulation	T,	U	or	X	promulgated	by	the	Board	of	Governors	of	the	Federal	Reserve	System.
(j)
Credit	and	Collection	Policy
.		The	Borrower	has	complied	in	all	material	respects	with	the	Credit
and	Collection	Policy	in	regard	to	each	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease.		The	Borrower	has	not	extended	or	modified	in	any	material
respect	the	terms	of	any	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	except	in	all	material	respects	in	accordance	with	the	Credit	and
Collection	Policy.
(k)
Absence	of	Certain	Events
.		No	Default,	Event	of	Default,	Potential	Servicer	Default	or	Servicer
Default	has	occurred	and	is	continuing	on	the	applicable	Loan	Increase	Date.
(l)
Permitted	Lockboxes	and	Permitted	Accounts
.		The	Borrower	has	instructed	Lessees	to	make	all
payments	on	the	related	Leases	or	on	behalf	of	Lessees	directly	to	a	Permitted	Lockbox	or	a	Permitted	Account.		Each
Permitted	Lockbox	is	located	in	the	United	States	and	each	Permitted	Account	is	maintained	in	the	United	States	by	a
bank.
(m)
Investment	Company;	Volcker	Rule
.		Neither	the	Borrower	nor	the	Trust	is	an	“investment
company”	or	a	company	“controlled	by	an	investment	company”	within	the	meaning	of	the	Investment	Company	Act	of
1940,	and	neither	relies	on	Section	3(c)(1)	or	Section	3(c)(7)	thereof	to	reach	such	determination.		The	Borrower	is	not	a
“covered	fund”	within	the	meaning	of	the	final	regulations	issued	December	20,	2013,	implementing	Section	619	of	the
Dodd-Frank	Wall	Street	Reform	and	Consumer	Protection	Act	of	2010.
-57-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(n)
Financial	Condition
.		The	Borrower	is	Solvent	and	is	not	the	subject	of	an	Event	of	Bankruptcy	and
the	pledge	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate	is	not	being	made	in	contemplation	of	the	occurrence	thereof.
(o)
Good	Title;	Perfection
.		Immediately	prior	to	the	pledge	hereunder,	the	Borrower	shall	be	the	legal
and	beneficial	owner	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate	and	the	beneficial	owner	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets	with
respect	thereto,	free	and	clear	of	any	Adverse	Claim	(other	than	the	interest	of	the	Collateral	Agent	under	the	Collateral
Agency	and	Security	Agreement).		This	Agreement	is	effective	to	create,	and	shall	transfer	to	the	Administrative	Agent	a
valid	security	interest	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate	and	the	Borrower’s	beneficial	interest	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Assets	and	Collections	(to	the	extent	provided	by	Section	9-315	of	the	UCC	(or	other	section	of	similar	content	of	the
Relevant	UCC)	with	respect	thereto	and	in	the	other	Collateral	free	and	clear	of	any	Adverse	Claim	(except	as	created	by
this	Agreement	and	the	Collateral	Agency	and	Security	Agreement),	which	security	interest	is	perfected	(except	as	to	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicles	in	which	the	Collateral	Agent	is	noted	as	the	lienholder	on	the	related	Certificate	of	Title)
and	of	first	priority.		On	or	prior	to	the	Closing	Date	(and,	with	respect	to	Additional	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets,	on	the
applicable	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date,	including	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date	which	is	a	Loan
Increase	Date),	all	financing	statements	and	other	documents	required	to	be	recorded	or	filed	in	order	to	perfect	and
protect	the	Administrative	Agent’s	security	interest	in	and	to	the	Collateral	against	all	creditors	of	and	transferees	from	the
Borrower	will	have	been	duly	filed	in	each	filing	office	necessary	for	such	purpose	(other	than	any	notation	of	the	security
interest	of	the	Administrative	Agent	on	any	Certificates	of	Title	for	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicles)	and	all	filing	fees	and
taxes,	if	any,	payable	in	connection	with	such	filings	shall	have	been	paid	in	full.		No	effective	financing	statement	or	other
instrument	similar	in	effect	covering	any	Collateral	with	respect	thereto	is	on	file	in	any	recording	office,	except	those	filed
pursuant	to	this	Agreement	or	the	Collateral	Agency	and	Security	Agreement.
(p)
Electronic	Chattel	Paper	and	Electronic	Lease	Vault
.		Each	such	Lease	is	Electronic	Chattel	Paper
and	is	not	Tangible	Chattel	Paper,	and	there	exists	a	single,	authoritative	copy	of	the	record	or	records	comprising	such
Electronic	Chattel	Paper,	which	copy	is	unique	and	identifiable	(all	within	the	meaning	of	Section	9-105	of	the	UCC	(or
other	section	of	similar	content	of	the	Relevant	UCC)),	that	has	been	communicated	to	and	maintained	in	the	Electronic
Lease	Vault.		The	description	of	the	Electronic	Lease	Vault	attached	hereto	as	
Schedule	3
	is	complete	and	accurate.
(q)
Insurance	Policies
.		The	Borrower,	in	accordance	with	its	normal	and	customary	procedures,	shall
have	determined	that	the	related	Lessee	has	obtained	or	agreed	to	obtain	physical	damage	insurance	covering	each
Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicle,	and	such	Lessee	is	required	under	the	terms	of	its	related	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	to
maintain	such	insurance.
(r)
Anti-Corruption	Laws	and	Sanctions
.		The	Borrower	or	
Tesla,	Inc.	
has	implemented	and	maintains
in	effect	policies	and	procedures	designed	to	ensure	compliance	by	the	Borrower	and	its	directors,	officers,	employees	and
agents	with	Anti-Corruption	Laws	and	applicable	Sanctions,	and	the	Borrower	and	its	Affiliates,	officers	and	employees	and
to	the	knowledge	of	the	Borrower,	its	directors	and	agents,	are	in	compliance	with	Anti-Corruption	Laws	and	applicable
Sanctions	in	all	material	respects.		None	of	(a)	the	Borrower	or	its	Affiliates,	directors,	officers	or	employees,	or	(b)	to	the
knowledge	of	the	Borrower,	any	agent	of	the	Borrower	that	will	act	in	any	capacity	in	connection	with	or	benefit	from	the
facility	established	hereby,	is	a	Sanctioned	Person.		
No	Loans,	use	of	proceeds	or	other	transaction	contemplated	by	this
Agreement	will	violate	Anti-Corruption	Laws	or	applicable	Sanctions.
-58-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(s)
No	ERISA	Liability.
		Neither	the	Borrower	nor	any	of	its	ERISA	Affiliates	maintains	or	has	any
obligation	to	contribute	to	any	Plan	or	Multiemployer	Plan.
(t)
Not	a	Designated	Person.
		Neither	the	Borrower	nor	any	of	its	directors,	officers,	brokers	or	other
agents	acting	or	benefiting	in	any	capacity	in	connection	with	this	Agreement	or	the	other	Transaction	Documents,	or	any
of	its	parents	or	subsidiaries,	is	a	Designated	Person.
(u)
Ownership
.		TBM	owns,	directly	or	indirectly,	100%	of	the	equity	interests	of	the	Borrower	free
and	clear	of	all	Liens.		Such	equity	interests	of	the	Borrower	are	validly	issued	and	fully	paid,	and	there	are	no	options,
warrants	or	other	rights	to	acquire	equity	securities	of	the	Borrower
.
(v)
Compliance	with	Law
.		The	Borrower	has	complied	with	all	applicable	Requirements	of	Laws	to
which	it	may	be	subject,	except	for	where	the	failure	to	so	comply	could	not	reasonably	be	expected	to	have	a	Material
Adverse	Effect.
(w)
Eligible	Leases
.		Each	Lease	allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	on	the	applicable	Warehouse	SUBI
Lease	Allocation	Date	is	an	Eligible	Lease	as	of	the	related	Cut-Off	Date.		
(x)
Eligible	Asset
.		The	Loans	are	an	“eligible	asset”	as	defined	in	Rule	3a-7	of	the	Investment
Company	Act	of	1940,	as	amended.
(y)
Taxes;	Tax	Status
.		
All	Tesla	Parties	have	(i)	timely	filed	all	material	tax	returns	they	are	required	to	file	and	(ii)	paid,	or	caused	to	be
paid,	all	material	taxes,	assessments	and	other	governmental	charges,	which	are	shown	to	be	due	and	payable	on
such	returns,	other	than	taxes,	assessments	and	other	governmental	charges	being	contested	in	good	faith.
Adequate	provisions	in	accordance	with	GAAP	for	taxes	on	the	books	of	the	applicable	Tesla	Party	have	been	made
for	all	open	years	and	for	the	current	fiscal	period.
The	Borrower	has	not	elected	to	be	treated	as	a	corporation	under	U.S.	Treasury	Regulation	§	301.7701-3	for	U.S.
federal	income	tax	purposes.
None	of	the	Borrower,	the	Warehouse	SUBI	or	the	Trust	(or	any	portion	thereof)	is	or	will	at	any	relevant	time
become	an	association	(or	a	publicly	traded	partnership)	taxable	as	a	corporation	for	U.S.	federal	income	tax
purposes.
(z)
Permitted	Accounts
.		The	Borrower	has	not	entered	into	any	agreement	with	any	Person	which
grants	to	such	Person	an	interest	in,	or	rights	to,	any	Permitted	Lockbox	or	Permitted	Account,	it	being	understood	that
certain	collections	from	time	to	time	received	in	a	Permitted	Lockbox	or	Permitted	Account	may	relate	to	Leases	that	are
not	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	and	to	which	the	Secured	Parties	may	not	have	an	interest.
If	any	breach	of	the	statements	and	representations	made	in	this	
Section	4.01
	materially	and	adversely	affects	the
interests	of	any	Lender	Party	or	of	any	Lender	Party	in	any	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	or	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicle,
then,	if	the	Borrower	is	unable	to	remedy	such	breach	by	the	Payment	Date	next	succeeding	the	earlier	of	the	date	on
which	the	Borrower	knows	of	such	breach	and	the	Borrower	receives	notice	of	such	breach,	the	Borrower	shall	enforce	its
rights,	if	any,	to	cause	TBM	to	cause	such	Leases	and	related	Leased	Vehicles	to	be	reallocated	to	the	TBM	SUBI	pursuant
to	Section	2.7	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement	and
-59-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
to	remit	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	on	the	Deposit	Date	next	succeeding	such	knowledge	or	notice	an
amount	equal	to	the	aggregate	of	the	
Repurchase	
Amount
s	with	respect	to	all	such	Leases	at	the	time	of	such	removal	in
acco
rdance	with	the	Warehouse	SUBI	
Sale	Agreement,	and	all	such	Leases	and	Leased	Vehicles	removed	from	the
Collateral	shall	no	longer	constitute	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets	and	Collateral	hereunder.
If	any	breach	of	the	statements	and	representations	made	in	this	
Section	4.01
,	together	with	all	prior	such
breaches,	affect	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	and	the	repurchases	required	by	the	preceding	paragraph	have	occurred,	then,
except	for	the	indemnification	rights	of	the	Indemnified	Parties	under	this	Agreement,	following	the	reallocation	by	the
Borrower	required	under	the	preceding	paragraph,	the	Lender	Parties	shall	have	no	further	remedy	against	the	Borrower
with	respect	to	such	removed	Leases	and	Leased	Vehicles	and	such	breaches	shall	not	constitute	an	Event	of	Default.
ARTICLE	V
		
CONDITIONS	PRECEDENT
SECTION	5.01
	
Conditions	to	Closing
.		On	or	prior	to	the	Closing	Date,	the	Borrower	shall	deliver	(or	cause
to	be	delivered)	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	the	following	documents	and	instruments,	all	of	which
shall	be	in	form	and	substance	acceptable	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent:
(a)
A	certificate	of	an	authorized	signatory	of	each	of	the	Borrower,	TFL	and	the	Trust,	certifying	(i)
the	names	and	signatures	of	the	officers	or	other	persons	authorized	on	its	behalf	to	execute	each	of	this	Agreement	and
the	other	Transaction	Documents	to	be	delivered	by	it	hereunder	(on	which	Certificate	the	Lender	Parties	may	conclusively
rely	until	such	time	as	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	shall	receive	from	such	Person	a	revised	Certificate
meeting	the	requirements	of	this	clause	(a)(i)),	(ii)	a	copy	of	such	Person’s	certificate	of	incorporation,	certificate	of
formation,	certificate	of	trust	or	charter,	as	the	case	may	be,	as	amended	or	restated,	certified	as	of	the	date	reasonably
near	the	Effective	Date	by	the	Secretary	of	State	of	the	State	of	such	Person’s	jurisdiction	of	formation	or	incorporation,	as
the	case	may	be,	(iii)	a	copy	of	such	Person’s	Operating	Agreement,	By-laws	or	declaration	of	trust,	as	and	if	applicable,	as
amended,	(iv)	a	copy	of	resolutions	of	the	managers,	the	Board	of	Directors	(or	any	executive	committee	designated	by	the
Board	of	Directors)	or	other	governing	body	of	such	Person	approving	the	transactions	contemplated	hereby,	(v)	a
certificate	as	of	a	date	reasonably	near	the	Effective	Date	of	the	Secretary	of	State	of	such	Person’s	jurisdiction	of
incorporation	or	formation,	as	the	case	may	be,	certifying	such	Person’s	good	standing	under	the	laws	of	such	jurisdiction
and	(vi)	certificates	of	qualification	as	a	foreign	corporation,	trust	or	limited	liability	company,	as	the	case	may	be,	issued
by	the	Secretaries	of	State	or	other	similar	officials	of	each	jurisdiction	where	such	qualification	is	material	to	the
transactions	contemplated	by	this	Agreement	and	the	other	Transaction	Documents;
(b)
An	officer’s	certificate	for	each	of	the	Borrower	and	Servicer	dated	the	Closing	Date,	to	the	effect
that	(i)	the	representations	and	warranties	of	the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer,	as	the	case	may	be,	in	
Article	IV
	are	true	and
correct	in	all	material	respects	as	of	the	Effective	Date,	(ii)	the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer,	as	the	case	may	be,	are	in
compliance	in	all	material	respects	with	the	covenants	and	agreements	contained	herein,	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing
Agreement	and	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement,	(iii)	no	Default,	Event	of	Default	or	Servicer	Default	exists	on	the
Closing	Date	and	(iv)	except	for	financing	statements	filed	pursuant	to	this	Agreement	or	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale
Agreement,	no	financing	statements	have	been	filed	or	recorded	against	the	Borrower	or	TFL,	as	applicable,	relating	to	the
Collateral;
-60-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(c)
Proper	financing	statements	(Form	UCC-1)	naming	the	Borrower,	as	debtor,	and	the
Administrative	Agent,	as	secured	party,	or	other	similar	instruments	or	documents,	as	may	be	necessary	or	in	the	opinion	of
the	Administrative	Agent	desirable	under	the	Relevant	UCC	or	any	comparable	law	to	perfect	the	security	interest	of	the
Administrative	Agent	in	all	Collateral;
(d)
Proper	financing	statements	(Form	UCC-1),	naming	TBM	as	the	transferor	(debtor)	of	the
Warehouse	SUBI	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate,	the	Borrower	as	transferee	(assignor	secured	party)	and	the
Administrative	Agent	as	assignee,	or	other	similar	instruments	or	documents,	as	may	be	necessary	or	in	the	opinion	of	the
Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	desirable	under	the	Relevant	UCC	or	other	comparable	law	to	perfect	the
Administrative	Agent’s	interest	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate;
(e)
Each	of	the	TFL	Transaction	Documents	has	been	executed	and	delivered	by	the	parties	thereto;
(f)
Proper	financing	statements	(Form	UCC-3),	if	any,	necessary	to	release	all	security	interests	and
other	rights	of	any	Person	in	the	Collateral	previously	granted	by	the	Borrower,	TBM	or	TFL;
(g)
Certified	copies	of	request	for	information	or	copies	(Form	UCC-11)	(or	a	similar	search	report
certified	by	parties	acceptable	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent)	dated	a	date	reasonably	near	the	Closing
Date	listing	all	effective	financing	statements	which	name	the	Borrower	or	TBM	(under	its	present	name	or	any	previous
name)	as	transferor	or	debtor	and	which	are	filed	in	jurisdictions	in	which	the	filings	are	to	be	made	pursuant	to	item	(c)	or
(d)	above,	together	with	copies	of	such	financing	statements	(none	of	which	shall	cover	any	Collateral);
(h)
Favorable	opinions	of	Katten	Muchin	Rosenman	LLP,	special	counsel	for	the	Borrower	and	TFL,
addressed	to	the	Borrower,	TFL,	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders	as	to	true	sale,	non-
consolidation,	no	conflicts,	enforceability,	and	creation,	perfection	and	priority	of	security	interests,	in	forms	reasonably
acceptable	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent;
(i)
A	favorable	opinion	of	Todd	Maron,	General	Counsel	for	Tesla,	Inc.,	addressed	to	the	Borrower,
TFL,	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders,	as	to	such	matters	as	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each
Group	Agent	may	reasonably	request;
(j)
A	favorable	opinion	of	Richards,	Layton	&	Finger,	P.A.,	Delaware	counsel	for	the	Borrower,	TFL
and	the	Trust,	addressed	to	the	Borrower,	TFL,	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders	as	to	such
matters	as	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	may	reasonably	request;
(k)
Representative	forms	of	Leases;
(l)
Fully	executed	copies	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement	and	the	other	Transaction
Documents;
(m)
A	favorable	opinion	of	Richards,	Layton	&	Finger,	P.A.,	counsel	to	U.S.	Bank	Trust,	as	Trustee,
addressed	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders,	as	to	such	matters	as	the	Administrative	Agent
and	each	Group	Agent	may	reasonably	request;
-61-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(n)
[Reserved]
.
(o)
An	Officer’s	certificate	of	U.S.	Bank	Trust,	certifying	as	to	(i)	the	names	and	signatures	of	the
officers	authorized	on	its	behalf	to	execute	each	of	the	Transaction	Documents	to	be	delivered	by	it	hereunder	(on	which
certificate	the	Lender	Parties	may	conclusively	rely	until	such	time	as	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	shall
receive	from	such	Person	a	revised	certificate	meeting	the	requirements	of	this	clause	(n)(i)),	(ii)	a	copy	of	its	By-laws,		as
amended,	and	(iii)	a	certificate	as	of	a	date	reasonably	near	the	Closing	Date	of	the	office	of	the	Comptroller	of	the
Currency,	certifying	its	good	standing	under	the	laws	of	such	jurisdiction;
(p)
A	favorable	opinion	of	Richards,	Layton	&	Finger,	P.A.,	special	counsel	to	the	Borrower,	addressed
to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders,	as	to	perfection	and	priority	of	security	interest	under
Delaware	law;
(q)
A	favorable	opinion	of	Katten	Muchin	Rosenman	LLP,	counsel	to	the	Borrower,	addressed	to	the
Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders	as	to	perfection	and	priority	of	security	interests	in	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	and	the	Reserve	Account	under	applicable	law;
(r)
A	schedule	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases,	if	any,	as	of	the	Cut-Off	Date	(which	schedule	may	be	in
electronic	form);
(s)
Evidence	of	the	payment	in	full	of	all	fees	payable	on	the	Closing	Date	of	all	fees	payable	to	the
Lender	Parties	on	the	Effective	Date	pursuant	to	the	Fee	Letter	and	all	fees	and	expenses	of	the	Lender	Parties	(including
legal	fees	and	expenses)	incurred	in	the	negotiation,	documentation	and	closing	of	this	Agreement	and	the	other
Transaction	Documents;	and
(t)
Evidence	of	the	payment	in	full	and	termination	of	the	Finco	Warehouse.
SECTION	5.02
		
Conditions	to	Loan	Increases
.		Each	Lender’s	obligation	to	fund	its	initial	Loan	on	the
Initial	Loan	Date	and	each	Loan	on	each	subsequent	Loan	Increase	Date	shall	be	subject	to	satisfaction	of	the	following
applicable	conditions	precedent:
(a)
The	Borrower	shall	have	complied	in	all	material	respects	with	the	covenants	and	agreements
contained	herein	and	in	each	other	Transaction	Document;
(b)
No	Default,	Event	of	Default	or	Potential	Servicer	Default	shall	have	occurred	and	be	continuing
and	the	Termination	Date	shall	not	have	occurred,	and	no	Event	of	Bankruptcy	shall	have	occurred	with	respect	to	TFL	or
Tesla,	Inc.;
(c)
Such	Loan	Increase	Date	does	not	occur	during	a	Turbo	Amortization	Period;
(d)
Not	later	than	12:00	p.m.	New	York	City	time	on	the	Business	Day	preceding	each	Loan	Increase
Date	following	the	Initial	Loan	Date,	the	Borrower	shall	have	delivered	(i)	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent,
each	Group	Agent	and	each	Lender	set	forth	on	the	Register	an	electronic	copy	of	(A)	a	Loan	Request	in	substantially	the
form	of	
Exhibit	A
	to	this	Agreement	(without	the	Pool	Cut	Report	referenced	therein)	and	(B)	if	such	Loan	Increase	Date	is
also	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date,	a	“Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation”	in	substantially	the	form	of
Exhibit	D
	to	this	Agreement,	and	(ii)	to	the	Administrative
-62-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	(A)	a	duly	executed	copy	of	the	Loan	Request	and,	if	applicable,	the	Notice
of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	given	pursuant	to	preceding	clause	(i)	(which	notice	may	be	delivered	by	email	with
hard	copy	to	follow	promptly)	and	(B)	a	Pool	Cut	Report	as	to	all	Leases	included	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	(including	the
Lease	Pool	(if	any)	to	be	allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	on	such	Loan	Increase	Date	if	such	Loan	Increase	Date	is	a
Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date);
(e)
After	giving	effect	to	the	related	Loan,	(i)	the	Loan	Balance	shall	not	exceed	the	Maximum	Loan
Balance	and	(ii)	the	Loan	Balance	shall	be	less	than	or	equal	to	the	aggregate	Commitment	Amount	of	all	Lenders.
(f)
The	Borrower	and	the	Servicer	shall	have	taken	any	actions	necessary	or	advisable,	and
reasonably	requested	in	writing	by	the	Administrative	Agent	and	any	Group	Agent	as	soon	as	practicable,	to	maintain	the
Administrative	Agent’s	perfected	security	interest	in	the	Collateral;
(g)
If	such	Loan	Increase	Date	is	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date,	then	solely	with	respect	to
any	Leases	and	Leased	Vehicles	to	be	allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	on	such	date,	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each
Group	Agent	shall	have	received	a	copy	of	a	report	produced	by	Automotive	Lease	Guide	(in	form	and	substance	reasonably
satisfactory	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent)	setting	forth	the	residual	value	estimate	used	to	determine
the	Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual	Value	of	the	Leased	Vehicle	related	to	each	Lease,	in	each	case,	as	of	the	related	Mark
to	Market	Adjustment	Date,	the	Borrower	shall	have	provided	evidence,	in	form	and	substance	reasonably	satisfactory	to
the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent,	of	the	purchase	of	an	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedges,	including	the	related
Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Providers’	acknowledgment	of	the	collateral	assignment	by	the	Borrower	to	the	Administrative
Agent	of	such	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedges	as	required	by	
Section	6.01(n)
;	
provided
	that	the	Borrower	shall	not	be
required	to	enter	into	a	new	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge	on	such	Loan	Increase	Date	if,	after	giving	effect	to	the	funding
on	such	Loan	Increase	Date,	there	are	already	in	full	force	and	effect	one	or	more	Interest	Rate	Hedges	(i)	which	satisfy	the
requirements	contained	in	
Section	6.01(n)
	and	(ii)	the	aggregate	notional	principal	amount	of	which	(when	taken	together)
satisfies	the	requirements	contained	in	the	definition	of	Required	Aggregate	Notional	Principal	Amount;
(h)
The	Borrower	shall	have	deposited	(or	caused	to	be	deposited)	into	the	Reserve	Account	an
amount	equal	to	the	amount,	if	any,	necessary	to	cause	the	amount	in	the	Reserve	Account	to	equal	the	Required	Reserve
Account	Balance;	
provided
	that	the	Reserve	Account	may	be	funded	following	the	making	of	the	Loan	so	long	as	the
Reserve	Account	is	funded	on	the	same	date	as	of	the	Loan;
(i)
The	representations	and	warranties	of	the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer	contained	in	
Article	IV
	are
true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	except	to	the	extent	that	such	representations	and	warranties	specifically	refer	to
an	earlier	date,	in	which	case	they	are	true	and	correct	in	all	material	respects	as	of	such	earlier	date;
(j)
No	TFL	Borrower	Default	shall	have	occurred	and	be	continuing;	and
(k)
No	Tesla	Change	in	Control	shall	have	occurred	and	be	continuing,	unless	such	Tesla	Change	in
Control	has	been	approved	by	the	Required	Group	Agents.
-63-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
ARTICLE	VI
COVENANTS
SECTION	6.01
		
Covenants	of	the	Borrower
.		At	all	times	from	the	date	hereof	to	the	date	on	which	this
Agreement	terminates	in	accordance	with	
Section	12.01
,	unless	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	shall
otherwise	consent	in	writing:
(a)
Compliance	Certificate	and	Certain	Notices	and	Information
.		The	Borrower	will	furnish	to	the
Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent:
(i)
Compliance	Certificate
.		Together	with	the	annual	report	required	to	be	delivered	by	the
Servicer	pursuant	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement,	a	compliance	certificate	in	substantially	the
form	of	
Exhibit	C
	hereto	signed	by	the	chief	accounting	officer	or	treasurer	of	the	Borrower	stating	that	no
Default,	Event	of	Default	or,	to	his	or	her	knowledge,	no	Servicer	Default	exists,	or	if	any	Default,	Event	of
Default	or	to	his	or	her	knowledge	Servicer	Default	exists,	stating	the	nature	and	status	thereof.
(ii)
Other	Information
.		Such	other	information	(including	non-financial	information)	as	the
Administrative	Agent	or	any	Group	Agent	may	from	time	to	time	reasonably	request.
(b)
Conduct	of	Business
.		The	Borrower	will	do	all	things	necessary	to	remain	duly	organized,	validly
existing	and	in	good	standing	as	a	domestic	limited	liability	company	in	its	jurisdiction	of	formation.		The	Borrower	will
maintain	all	requisite	authority	to	conduct	its	business	in	each	jurisdiction	in	which	its	business	requires	such	authority,
except,	in	each	case,	where	the	failure	to	do	so	does	not,	and	is	not	reasonably	expected	to,	have	a	Material	Adverse	Effect.
(c)
Compliance	with	Laws
.		The	Borrower	will	comply	in	all	material	respects	with	all	Requirements	of
Law	to	which	it	may	be	subject	or	which	are	applicable	to	the	Collateral,	except	where	the	failure	to	comply	does	not,	and
is	not	reasonably	expected	to,	have	a	Material	Adverse	Effect
(d)
Notice	of	Certain	Events
.		The	Borrower	shall	furnish	to	the	Administrative	Agent:
(i)
As	soon	as	practicable,	and	in	any	event	within	five	(5)	Business	Days	after	any	Responsible	Officer
of	the	Borrower	obtains	knowledge	of	the	occurrence	of	each	Default,	Event	of	Default,	Potential	Servicer	Default
or	Servicer	Default,	a	statement	of	the	chief	financial	officer	or	chief	accounting	officer	of	the	Borrower	setting
forth	the	details	of	such	Default,	Event	of	Default,	Potential	Servicer	Default	or	Servicer	Default,	and	the	action
which	the	Borrower	and,	if	known	to	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer,	proposes	to	take	with	respect	thereto.
(ii)
Promptly	and	in	no	event	more	than	five	(5)	Business	Days	after	any	Responsible	Officer	of	the
Borrower	obtains	knowledge	of	the	occurrence	of	any	Lien	with	respect	to	the	Collateral,	the	statement	of	a
Responsible	Officer	of	the	Borrower	setting	forth	the	details	of	such	Lien	and	the	action	which	the	Borrower	and,	if
known	to	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer,	is	taking	or	proposes	to	take	with	respect	thereto.
-64-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(iii)
Promptly	and	in	no	event	more	than	five	(5)	Business	Days	after	any	Responsible	Officer	of	the
Borrower	obtains	knowledge	of	any	matter	or	the	occurrence	of	any	event	concerning	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer,
the	Trust	or	the	Collateral	which	would	reasonably	be	expected	to	have	a	Material	Adverse	Effect,	the	statement	of
a	Responsible	Officer	of	the	Borrower	setting	forth	the	details	of	such	default	and	the	action	which	the	Borrower
and,	if	known	to	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer,	is	taking	or	proposes	to	take	with	respect	thereto.
(iv)
Promptly	and	in	no	event	more	than	five	(5)	Business	Days	after	any	Responsible	Officer	of	the
Borrower	obtains	knowledge	of	(a)	any	action,	suit,	proceeding	or	investigation	pending	or,	to	the	best	knowledge
of	the	Borrower,	threatened,	against	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer	or	the	Trust	or	their	respective	property,	or	(b)	any
order,	judgment,	decree,	injunction,	stipulation	or	consent	order	of	or	with	any	Governmental	Authority,	in	each
case	adversely	affecting	(x)	the	Trust	in	excess	of	$15,000,000,	or	(y)	the	Borrower	in	excess	of	$2,000,000,	the
statement	of	a	Responsible	Officer	of	the	Borrower	setting	forth	the	details	of	such	default	and	the	action	which	the
Borrower	and,	if	known	to	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer,	is	taking	or	proposes	to	take	with	respect	thereto.
(v)
Promptly	and	in	no	event	more	than	five	(5)	Business	Days	after	any	Responsible	Officer	of	the
Borrower	obtains	knowledge	of	any	amendment,	modification,	supplement	or	other	change	to	the	Credit	and
Collection	Policy	that	would	reasonably	be	expected	to	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	the	collectability	of	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	or	the	interests	of	the	Lenders,	the	statement	of	a	Responsible	Officer	of	the	Borrower
setting	forth	the	details	of	such	amendment,	modification	or	supplement.
(e)
The	Borrower	will	furnish	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent,	as	soon	as
reasonably	practicable	after	receiving	a	request	therefor,	such	information	with	respect	to	the	Collateral	as	the
Administrative	Agent	or	any	Group	Agent	may	reasonably	request,	including	listings	identifying	the	outstanding	remaining
Monthly	Lease	Payments	and	the	Base	Residual	Value	for	each	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease.		Without	limiting	the	generality	of
the	foregoing,	the	Borrower	will	furnish	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent,	as	soon	as	reasonably
practicable	after	receiving	a	request	therefor,	(i)	the	names	and	addresses	of	all	banks	which	maintain	one	or	more
Permitted	Lockboxes	and	the	addresses	of	all	related	Permitted	Lockboxes	and	the	account	holder,	the	account	number	and
the	bank	at	which	each	Permitted	Account	is	maintained	and	(ii)	the	name	and	address	of	each	Person	in	possession	of	any
Lease	Documents	(including	the	street	address	at	which	such	Lease	Documents	are	located).		At	the	request	of	any	Group
Agent,	the	Borrower	agrees	to	reasonably	cooperate	in	providing	information	to	any	rating	agency	in	connection	with	such
Group	Agent’s	seeking,	at	the	expense	of	such	Group	Agent,	of	a	rating	of	the	Loans	under	this	Agreement.
(f)
Fulfillment	of	Obligations
.		The	Borrower	will	duly	observe	and	perform,	or	cause	to	be	observed
or	performed,	all	material	obligations	and	undertakings	on	its	part	to	be	observed	and	performed	by	it	under	or	in
connection	with	this	Agreement,	the	other	Transaction	Documents	to	which	it	is	a	party	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases,
will	duly	observe	and	perform	all	material	provisions,	covenants	and	other	promises	required	to	be	observed	by	it	under	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Leases,	will	do	nothing	to	materially	impair	the	security	interest	of	the	Administrative	Agent	in	and	to	the
Collateral	and	will	pay	when	due	(or	contest	in	good	faith)	all	taxes,	including	any	sales	tax,	excise	tax	or	other	similar	tax
or	charge,	payable	by	it	in	connection	with	the	Collateral	and	their	creation	and	satisfaction.
(g)
Enforcement
.		The	Borrower	shall	take	all	commercially	reasonable	actions	necessary	and
appropriate	to	enforce	its	rights	and	claims	under	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement.
-65-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(h)
No	Other	Business
.		The	Borrower	shall	engage	in	no	business	other	than	the	business
contemplated	under	its	Certificate	of	Formation	and	its	Limited	Liability	Company	Agreement	and	shall	comply	in	all
material	respects	with	the	terms	of	its	Limited	Liability	Company	Agreement.
(i)
Separate	Existence
.		The	Borrower	shall	do	(or	refrain	from	doing)	all	things	necessary	to	maintain
its	legal	existence	separate	and	apart	from	TBM,	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL	and	all	other	Affiliates	of	the	Borrower.		Without	limiting
the	generality	of	the	foregoing,	the	Borrower	shall:
(i)
observe	all	corporate	and	limited	liability	company	procedures	required	by	its	Certificate	of
Formation	and	its	Limited	Liability	Company	Agreement;
(ii)
maintain	adequate	capitalization	to	engage	in	the	transactions	and	activities	contemplated	in	its
Certificate	of	Formation,	its	Limited	Liability	Company	Agreement,	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement	and	this
Agreement;
(iii)
provide	for	the	payment	of	its	operating	expenses	and	liabilities	from	its	own	funds	(except	that
certain	of	the	organizational	expenses	of	the	Borrower	have	been	paid	by	TFL	or	TBM);
(iv)
maintain	an	arm’s	length	relationship	with	its	Affiliates,	and	shall	not	(A)	lend	money	to,	or
borrow	money	from,	any	of	its	Affiliates	or	any	unaffiliated	third	party	or	(B)	transact	any	business,	or	enter	into	any
transaction	with	any	of	its	Affiliates,	except,	in	each	case,	pursuant	to	binding	and	enforceable	written	agreements	the
terms	of	which,	on	the	whole,	are	arm’s-length	and	commercially	reasonable	and,	in	the	case	of	money	borrowed	by	the
Borrower	from	any	of	its	Affiliates,	the	subordination	and	payment	provisions	of	all	such	indebtedness	shall	be	satisfactory
in	form	and	substance	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent;
(v)
not	(A)	perform	any	of	its	Affiliates’	duties	or	obligations,	(B)	commingle	assets	with	those	of	any
affiliated	or	unaffiliated	third	party	(except	for	the	temporary	commingling	of	Collections),	(C)	guarantee	or	become
obligated	for	the	debts	of	any	affiliated	or	unaffiliated	third	party	or	hold	out	its	credit	as	being	available	to	satisfy	the
obligations	of	others,	(D)	operate	or	purport	to	operate	as	a	single	integrated	entity	with	respect	to	its	Affiliates	or	any
affiliated	or	unaffiliated	third	party,	(E)	endeavor	to	obtain	credit	or	incur	any	obligation	to	any	affiliated	or	unaffiliated
third	party	based	upon	the	assets	or	creditworthiness	of	the	other,	(F)	acquire	any	obligations	or	securities	of	any	of	its
partners,	members	or	shareholders,	(G)	pledge	its	assets	for	the	benefit	of	any	entity	(except	pursuant	to	this	Agreement),
or	(H)	fail	to	correct	any	known	misunderstanding	or	misrepresentation	with	respect	to	any	of	the	foregoing;
(vi)
maintain	bank	accounts	and	books	of	account	separate	from	those	of	its	Affiliates;
(vii)
to	the	extent	it	shares	its	office	with	any	of	its	Affiliates,	maintain	separate	records	storage	space
and	files	in	the	building	they	share,	and	maintain	and	use	separate	telephone	capacity	and	business	forms;
(viii)
(A)	ensure	that	at	least	one	manager	of	the	Borrower	shall	be	an	“Independent	Manager”	(as
defined	in	the	Limited	Liability	Company	Agreement)	and	cause	its	Operating	Agreement	to	provide	that	(x)	at	least	one
manager	of	the	Borrower	shall	be	an	Independent	Manager,	(y)	the	managers	of	the	Borrower	shall	not	approve,	or	take
any	other	action	to	cause	the	filing	of,	a	voluntary	bankruptcy	petition	with	respect	to	the	Borrower	or,	to	the	fullest	extent
provided	by	applicable	law,	the	dissolution	of	the	Borrower	unless	a	unanimous	vote	of	all	of	the	Borrower’s	managers
(which	vote	shall	include	the	affirmative	vote	of	the	Independent	Manager)	shall	approve	the	taking	of	such	action	in
writing	prior	to	the	taking	of	such	action	and	(z)	the	provisions	requiring	at	least	one	Independent	Manager	and	the
provisions	described	in	clauses	(x)	and	(y)	of	this	paragraph	(viii)	cannot	be	amended	without	the	prior	written	consent	of
the	Independent	Manager;	and
-66-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(B)
in	addition	to	the	requirements	set	forth	in	preceding	clause	(A),	ensure	that	the	“Independent
Manager”	(as	defined	in	the	Limited	Liability	Company	Agreement)	(x)	has	prior	experience	as	an	independent
director	for	a	corporation	or	limited	liability	company	whose	charter	documents	required	the	unanimous	consent	of
all	independent	directors	thereof	before	such	corporation	or	limited	liability	company	could	consent	to	the
institution	of	bankruptcy	or	insolvency	proceedings	against	it	or	could	file	a	petition	seeking	relief	under	any
applicable	federal	or	state	law	relating	to	bankruptcy	and	(y)	has	at	least	three	years	of	employment	experience
with	one	or	more	entities	that	provide,	in	the	ordinary	course	of	their	respective	businesses,	advisory,	management
or	placement	services	to	issuers	of	securitization	or	structured	finance	instruments,	agreements	or	securities;
(ix)
take	such	actions	as	are	necessary	to	ensure	that	no	Independent	Manager	shall	at	any	time	serve
as	a	trustee	in	bankruptcy	for	the	Borrower	or	any	Affiliate	thereof;
(x)
take	such	actions	as	are	necessary	to	ensure	that	any	financial	statements	of	TBM,	TFL	or	any
Affiliate	of	either	of	them	which	are	consolidated	to	include	the	Borrower	(a)	will	contain	notes	clearly	stating	that
securitization	transactions	of	the	kind	contemplated	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement	are	structured	legally	as	sales
(although	the	Borrower	may	be	consolidated	with	TBM,	TFL	or	either	of	their	Affiliates	for	financial	accounting	purposes)
and	(b)	will	not	suggest	in	any	way	that	(1)	the	assets	of	the	Borrower	will	be	available	to	pay	the	claims	of	creditors	of
TFL,	TBM	or	any	Affiliate	of	TFL	or	TBM	other	than	the	Borrower	or	(2)	the	Borrower	is	not	a	separate	limited	liability
company	(although	in	each	case,	it	being	understood	that	the	Borrower	may	be	consolidated	with	TFL	or	TBM	or	either	of
their	Affiliates	for	financial	accounting	purposes);	and
(xi)
to	the	fullest	extent	permitted	by	applicable	law,	take	no	action	to	dissolve	itself,	including
applying	(or	consenting	to	the	application)	for	judicial	dissolution.
(j)
Compliance	with	Opinion	Assumptions
.		Without	limiting	the	generality	of	
Section	6.01(h)
	above,	in
all	material	respects,	the	Borrower	shall	(as	to	itself)	maintain	in	place	all	policies	and	procedures,	and	take	and	continue
to	take	all	actions,	described	in	the	assumptions	as	to	facts	set	forth	in,	and	forming	the	basis	of,	the	opinions	set	forth	in
the	opinion	delivered	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Lenders	pursuant	to	
Section	5.01(h)
.
(k)
Payment	of	Taxes
.		The	Borrower	will,	and	will	cause	the	Trust	to,	pay	and	discharge	all	material
taxes,	assessments,	and	governmental	charges	or	levies	imposed	upon	it,	or	upon	its	income	or	profits,	or	upon	any
property	belonging	to	it,	or	them,	before	delinquent,	other	than	taxes,	assessments	and	other	governmental	charges	being
contested	in	good	faith.
(l)
Maintenance	of	Security	Interests	in	Warehouse	SUBI
.		The	Borrower	shall	take	such	steps	as	are
necessary	to	preserve	and	maintain	the	security	interest	of	the	Administrative	Agent	(for	the	benefit	of	the	Secured	Parties)
in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	and	other	Collateral	as	a	valid	and	enforceable	first	priority	perfected	security	interest,	subject	to
no	Adverse	Claims	(other	than	the	interest	of	the	Collateral	Agent	under	the	Collateral	Agency	and	Security	Agreement).
(m)
Electronic	Chattel	Paper
.		The	Borrower	shall	take	such	actions	as	are	necessary	to	cause	all
vehicle	leases	of	the	Trust	and	the	Borrower	(including	all	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases)	to	constitute	Electronic	Chattel	Paper
(and	not	to	constitute	Tangible	Chattel	Paper)	held	in	the	Electronic	Lease	Vault.
-67-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(n)
Interest	Rate	Hedges
.		The	Borrower	shall,	at	all	times	beginning	thirty	(30)	days	after	an	Interest
Rate	Hedge	Trigger	Event	occurs,	maintain	in	full	force	and	effect	one	or	more	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedges	which,
together	with	the	aggregate	notional	amount	of	such	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedges,	when	taken	together,	at	all	times
satisfy	the	requirements	contained	in	the	definition	of	Required	Aggregate	Notional	Principal	Amount,	and	shall	comply
with	the	terms	thereof;	
provided
	that:
(i)
if	any	interest	rate	hedge	provider	party	to	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge	ceases	to	satisfy	the
requirements	set	forth	in	the	definition	of	“Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Provider,”	the	Borrower	shall	within	thirty	(30)
days	(x)	cause	such	Person	to	assign	its	obligations	under	the	related	Interest	Rate	Hedge	to	a	new	Eligible	Interest	Rate
Hedge	Provider	(or	such	person	shall	have	thirty	(30)	days	to	again	satisfy	the	requirements	set	forth	in	the	definition	of
“Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Provider”),	or	(y)	obtain	a	substitute	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge,	including	the	related
Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Provider’s	acknowledgment	of	the	collateral	assignment	by	the	Borrower	to	the	Administrative
Agent	of	such	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge;
(ii)
if	any	provider	of	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge	fails	to	make	a	payment	when	due	under	the	applicable
Interest	Rate	Hedge,	the	Borrower	shall	within	thirty	(30)	days	(x)	cause	such	Person	to	assign	its	obligations	under	the
related	Interest	Rate	Hedge	to	a	new	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Provider	or	(y)	obtain	a	substitute	Eligible	Interest	Rate
Hedge,	including	the	related	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Provider’s	acknowledgment	of	the	collateral	assignment	by	the
Borrower	to	the	Administrative	Agent	of	such	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge;
(iii)
the	Borrower	may	not,	without	the	prior	written	consent	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each
Group	Agent,	exercise	any	rights	(including	any	termination	rights)	under	any	Interest	Rate	Hedge	that	could	reasonably
be	expected	to	adversely	affect	the	right	of	the	Lenders	to	receive	payments	hereunder	or	under	such	Interest	Rate	Hedge;
(iv)
on	each	Payment	Date	from	and	after	the	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Trigger	Date,	if	the	aggregate
notional	amount	of	all	Interest	Rate	Hedges	is	then	less	than	90%,	of	the	Loan	Balance	(after	giving	effect	to	any	Loan
Increase	on	such	date),	the	Borrower	shall	enter	into	one	or	more	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedges	such	that	the	aggregate
notional	amount	of	all	Interest	Rate	Hedges,	including	the	new	Interest	Rate	Hedge,	is	equal	to	the	Loan	Balance;
(v)
notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	one	or	more	Interest	Rate	Hedges	may	be	combined	into	a	single
Interest	Rate	Hedge	which,	in	the	aggregate,	satisfies	the	requirements	set	forth	in	this	
Section	6.01(n)
;
(vi)
if,	on	any	Payment	Date	the	aggregate	notional	amount	of	all	Interest	Rate	Hedges	that	are
interest	rate	swaps	is	greater	than	110%	of	the	Loan	Balance	on	such	date	(after	giving	effect	to	any	payments	or	Loan
Increase	on	such	date),	the	Servicer	shall	cause	the	Borrower	to	amend	or	terminate	existing	Interest	Rate	Hedges	that	are
interest	rate	swaps	such	that	the	aggregate	notional	amount	of	all	Interest	Rate	Hedges	that	are	interest	rate	swaps	at
such	time	shall	be	equal	to	the	Loan	Balance	at	such	time	(terminating	those	Interest	Rate	Hedges	that	are	interest	rate
swaps	in	descending	order	from	those	Interest	Rate	Hedges	with	the	highest	fixed	rate	to	those	Interest	Rate	Hedge	with
the	next	highest	fixed	rate	and	so	on);	and	all	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Termination	Payments	owed	by	the	Borrower	and	other
costs	incurred	in	connection	with	the	termination	contemplated	by	this	paragraph	shall	be	paid	by	the	Servicer;	and
-68-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(vii)
the	Administrative	Agent	at	any	time	on	or	after	the	Termination	Date	shall	have	the	right	to
amend	or	terminate	any	Interest	Rate	Hedges	in	its	sole	discretion;	and	all	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Termination	Payments
owed	by	the	Borrower	and	other	costs	incurred	in	connection	with	the	termination	contemplated	by	this	paragraph	shall	be
paid	by	the	Servicer.
On	or	prior	to	the	effective	date	of	any	Interest	Rate	Hedge,	the	Borrower	shall	establish	and	thereafter	maintain	an
Eligible	Account	in	the	name	of	the	Borrower	with	respect	to	each	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Counterparty,	other	than	Deutsche
Bank	AG,	Citibank,	N.A.	and	any	other	Lender	or	Affiliate	thereof	(a	“
Hedge	Counterparty	Collateral	Account
”)	in	trust	and
for	the	benefit	of	the	Lenders	and	the	related	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Counterparty.		In	the	event	that	pursuant	to	the	terms	of
the	applicable	Interest	Rate	Hedge,	the	related	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Counterparty	is	required	to	deposit	cash	or	securities
as	collateral	to	secure	its	obligations	(“
Hedge	Collateral
”),	the	Borrower	shall	deposit	all	Hedge	Collateral	received	from
the	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Counterparty	into	the	Hedge	Counterparty	Collateral	Account.		All	sums	on	deposit	and	securities
held	in	any	Hedge	Counterparty	Collateral	Account	shall	be	used	only	for	the	purposes	set	forth	in	the	related	credit
support	annex	(“
Credit	Support	Annex
”)	to	the	Interest	Rate	Hedge.		The	only	permitted	withdrawal	from	or	application	of
funds	on	deposit	in,	or	otherwise	to	the	credit	of,	a	Hedge	Counterparty	Collateral	Account	shall	be	(i)	for	application	to	the
obligations	of	the	applicable	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Counterparty	under	the	related	Interest	Rate	Hedge	in	accordance	with
the	terms	of	the	Credit	Support	Annex	and	(ii)	to	return	collateral	to	the	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Counterparty	when	and	as
required	by	the	Credit	Support	Annex.		Amounts	on	deposit	in	each	Hedge	Counterparty	Collateral	Account	shall	be
invested	at	the	written	direction	of	the	related	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Counterparty,	and	all	investment	earnings	actually
received	on	amounts	on	deposit	in	a	Hedge	Counterparty	Collateral	Account	or	distributions	on	securities	held	as	Hedge
Collateral	shall	be	distributed	or	held	in	accordance	with	the	terms	of	the	related	Credit	Support	Annex.		Any	amounts
applied	by	the	Borrower	to	the	obligations	of	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Counterparty	under	an	Interest	Rate	Hedge	in
accordance	with	the	terms	of	the	related	Credit	Support	Annex	shall	constitute	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Receipts	and	be
deposited	in	the	Collection	Account	and	applied	in	accordance	with	
Section	2.04(c)
.		The	Borrower	agrees	to	give	the
applicable	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Counterparty	prompt	notice	if	it	obtains	knowledge	that	the	Hedge	Counterparty	Collateral
Account	or	any	funds	on	deposit	therein	or	otherwise	to	the	credit	of	the	Hedge	Counterparty	Collateral	Account,	shall	or
have	become	subject	to	any	writ,	order,	judgment,	warrant	of	attachment,	execution	or	similar	process.
(o)
Anti-Corruption	Laws	and	Sanctions
.		The	Borrower	will	maintain	in	effect	and	enforce	policies
and	procedures	designed	to	ensure	compliance	by	the	Borrower	and	each	of	its	Affiliates	and	their	respective	directors,
officers,	employees	and	agents	with	Anti-Corruption	Laws	and	applicable	Sanctions.
(p)
Keeping	of	Lease	Documents	and	Books	of	Account
.		The	Borrower	will	maintain	and	implement
administrative	and	operating	procedures,	including	an	ability	to	recreate	Lease	Documents	evidencing	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Leases	in	the	event	of	the	destruction	of	the	originals	thereof,	and	keep	and	maintain,	or	obtain,	as	and	when	required,	all
documents,	books,	Lease	Documents	and	other	information	reasonably	necessary	or	advisable	for	the	collection	of	all
Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	(including	Lease	Documents	adequate	to	permit	the	daily	identification	of	all	Collections	of	and
adjustments	to	each	existing	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease).		The	Borrower	will	give	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group
Agent	prompt	notice	of	any	material	change	in	the	administrative	and	operating	procedures	referred	to	in	the	previous
sentence,	to	the	extent	such	change	is	likely	to	have	a	Material	Adverse	Effect.
-69-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(q)
Mark-to-Market
.		Effective	as	of	each	Mark-to-Market	Adjustment	Date,	the	Borrower	shall
recalculate	the	Mark-to-Market	MRM	Residual	Value	of	each	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	for	which	there	is	a	Mark-to-Market
MRM	Residual	Value	at	the	end	of	the	calendar	month	which	preceded	such	Mark-to-Market	Adjustment	Date,	and
thereafter	shall	use	such	value	in	the	calculation	of	the	Base	Residual	Value	for	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	until	the	next
Mark-to-Market	Adjustment	Date.
SECTION	6.02
		
Negative	Covenants	of	the	Borrower
.		At	all	times	from	the	date	hereof	to	the	date	on
which	this	Agreement	terminates	in	accordance	with	
Section	12.01
,	unless	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent
shall	otherwise	consent	in	writing:
(a)
Name	Change	and	Offices
.		The	Borrower	shall	not	change	its	name,	identity	or	organizational
structure	(within	the	meaning	of	Section	9-506,	9-507	or	9-508	of	the	UCC	(or	other	sections	of	similar	content	of	the
Relevant	UCC))	nor	relocate	its	chief	executive	office	or	its	jurisdiction	of	formation	nor	change	its	“location”	under	Section
9-307	of	the	Relevant	UCC,	unless,	within	(30)	days	after	such	change	or	relocation	it	shall	have:	(i)	given	the
Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	written	notice	thereof	and	(ii)	delivered	to	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each
Group	Agent	all	financing	statements,	instruments	and	other	documents	requested	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	any
Group	Agent	in	connection	with	such	change	or	relocation.		The	Borrower	shall	at	all	times	maintain	its	chief	executive
office	and	its	jurisdiction	of	formation	within	a	jurisdiction	in	the	United	States	and	in	which	Article	9	of	the	Relevant	UCC
is	in	effect	and	in	the	event	it	moves	its	chief	executive	office	or	its	jurisdiction	of	formation	to	a	location	which	may	charge
taxes,	fees,	costs,	expenses	or	other	charges	to	perfect	the	security	interest	of	the	Administrative	Agent	in	the	Collateral,	it
shall	pay	all	taxes,	fees,	costs,	expenses	and	other	charges	associated	with	perfecting	the	security	interest	of	the
Administrative	Agent	in	the	Collateral	and	any	other	costs	and	expenses	incurred	in	order	to	maintain	the	enforceability	of
this	Agreement	and	the	security	interest	of	the	Administrative	Agent	in	the	Collateral.
(b)
Transfers
,
	Liens
,
	Etc
.		Except	for	the	Adverse	Claims	of	the	Administrative	Agent	created	by	this
Agreement,	of	the	Collateral	Agent	created	by	the	Collateral	Agency	and	Security	Agreement	and	except	for	other	transfers
permitted	under	this	Agreement,	the	Borrower	shall	not	transfer,	assign	(by	operation	of	law	or	otherwise)	or	otherwise
dispose	of,	or	create	or	suffer	to	exist	any	Adverse	Claim	(including	the	filing	of	any	financing	statement)	upon	or	with
respect	to	the	Collateral	(or	any	portion	thereof),	or	upon	or	with	respect	to	any	account	to	which	any	Collections	are	sent,
or	assign	any	right	to	receive	income	in	respect	thereto.
(c)
Limited	Liability	Company	Membership	Interests
.		The	Borrower	shall	not	issue	any	membership
interests	(other	than	non-economic	“special	membership	interests”)	except	to	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	a	Tesla	Party,	TBM	or	one	of
their	respective	Subsidiaries	or	create	any	Subsidiary.		The	Borrower	shall	not	pay	or	make	any	distributions	to	any	owner
of	its	membership	interests	if,	at	the	time	or	as	a	result	of	such	payment	or	the	making	of	such	distribution,	a	Default,	an
Event	of	Default	or	the	Scheduled	Expiration	Date	shall	have	occurred	and	be	continuing	under	this	Agreement.
(d)
Amendments	to	Certificate	of	Formation	and	Limited	Liability	Company	Agreement
.		The
Borrower	shall	not	materially	amend,	alter	or	change	or	repeal	(and	shall	not	permit	the	material	amendment,	alteration	or
change	or	repeal	of)	its	Certificate	of	Formation	or	its	Limited	Liability	Company	Agreement.
(e)
Change	to	other	Agreements
.		The	Borrower	shall	not	(i)	terminate,	amend,	supplement,	modify	or
waive,	or	grant	or	consent	to	any	such	termination,	amendment,	waiver	or	consent,	or	permit	to	become	effective	any
amendment,	supplement,	waiver	or	other	modification	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing
-70-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Agreement,	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Sale	Agreement,	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Supplement,	the	Trust	Agreement	(except	to	the
extent	such	
termination,	amendment,	waiver	or	consent
	(i)	relates	solely	to	the	UTI	or	a	special	unit	of	beneficial	interest
other	than	the	Warehouse	SUBI	and	(ii)	does	not	have	any	adverse	effect	on	the	Lenders,	the	Administrative	Agent	or	any
other	Secured	Party,	the	Collateral	or	the	SUBI	Assets)	or	the	eVault	Letter	Agreement,	or	(ii)	t
erminate,	amend,
supplement,	modify	or	waive,	or	grant	or	consent	to	any	such	termination,	amendment,	waiver	or	consent,	
or	permit	to
become	effective	any	amendment,	supplement,	waiver	or	other	modification	to	any	other	Transaction	Documents	that	could
reasonably	be	expected	to	have	a	Material	Adverse	Effect,	without,	in	each	case,	the	consent	of	the	Administrative	Agent
and	the	Required	Group	Agents	(or	the	Required	Supermajority	Group	Agents	in	the	case	of	an	amendment	to	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement	that	amends	the	definition	of	“Servicer	Default”),	in	each	case,	such	consents	not	to
be	unreasonably	withheld,	delayed	or	conditioned
.
(f)
ERISA	Matters
.		Neither	the	Borrower	nor	any	of	its	ERISA	Affiliates	shall	establish	or	have	any
obligation	to	contribute	to	any	Plan	or	Multiemployer	Plan.
(g)
[Reserved]
.
(h)
Consolidations	and	Mergers
.		The	Borrower	shall	not	consolidate	or	merge	with	or	into	any	other
Person.
(i)
Tax	Matters
.
(i)
No	Tesla	Party	shall	take	or	cause	any	action	to	be	taken	that	could	result	in	the	Borrower	being
treated	as	a	corporation	or	publicly	traded	partnership	taxable	as	a	corporation	for	U.S.	federal	income	tax	purposes.
(ii)
No	Tesla	Party	shall	take	or	cause	any	action	to	be	taken	that	could	result	in	the	Borrower,	the
Warehouse	SUBI	or	the	Trust	(or	any	portion	thereof)	becoming	an	association	(or	a	publicly	traded	partnership)	taxable	as
a	corporation	for	U.S.	federal	income	tax	purposes.
(j)
Anti-Corruption	Laws	and	Sanctions
.		The	Borrower	shall	not	request	any	Loan,	and	shall	not	use,
and	shall	ensure	that	its	Affiliates	and	its	and	their	respective	directors,	officers,	employees	and	agents	not	use,	the
proceeds	of	any	Loan	(A)	in	furtherance	of	an	offer,	payment,	promise	to	pay,	or	authorization	of	the	payment	or	giving	of
money,	or	anything	else	of	value,	to	any	Person	in	violation	of	any	Anti-Corruption	Laws,	(B)	for	the	purpose	of	funding,
financing	or	facilitating	any	activities,	business	or	transaction	of	or	with	any	Sanctioned	Person,	or	in	any	Sanctioned
Country,	or	(C)		in	any	manner	that	would	result	in	the	violation	of		any	Sanctions	applicable	to	any	party	hereto.
(k)
Debt
.		The	Borrower	shall	not	create,	incur,	assume	or	suffer	to	exist	any	Debt	except	for	Debt
expressly	contemplated	under	the	Transaction	Documents.
(l)
Guarantees
.		The	Borrower	shall	not	guarantee,	endorse	or	otherwise	be	or	become	contingently
liable	(including	by	agreement	to	maintain	balance	sheet	tests)	in	connection	with	the	obligations	of	any	other	Person,
except	endorsements	of	negotiable	instruments	for	collection	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	and	reimbursement	and
indemnification	obligations	in	favor	of	the	Administrative	Agent,	any	Group	Agent,	any	Lender	or	any	Indemnified	Party	as
provided	for	under	the	Transaction	Documents.
-71-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(m)
Limitation	on	Transactions	with	Affiliates
.		The	Borrower	shall	not	enter	into,	or	be	a	party	to	any
transaction	with	any	Affiliate	of	the	Borrower,	except	for:	(i)	the	transactions	contemplated	hereby,	by	the	Transaction
Documents	and	(ii)	capital	contributions	by	
TBM
	to	the	Borrower	which	are	in	compliance	with	all	applicable	Requirements
of	Law	and	the	Transaction	Documents.
(n)
Limitation	on	Investments
.		The	Borrower	shall	not	make	or	suffer	to	exist	any	loans	or	advances
to,	or	extend	any	credit	to,	or	make	any	investments	(by	way	of	transfer	of	property,	contributions	to	capital,	purchase	of
stock	or	securities	or	evidences	of	indebtedness,	acquisition	of	the	business	or	assets,	or	otherwise)	in,	any	Affiliate	or	any
other	Person,	except	for	Eligible	Investments	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate.
(o)
Change	in	Business
.		The	Borrower	shall	not	make	any	change	in	the	character	of	its	business.
(p)
Subsidiaries
.		The	Borrower	shall	not	form	or	own	any	Subsidiary.
SECTION	6.03
	
Certain	Covenants	of	TFL
.
(a)
[***]
.	
If,	after	the	date	hereof,		TFL	or	any	Affiliate	of	TFL	enters	into	(x)	any	[***]	with	respect	to	a
[***]	in	the	[***]	having	[***]	([***])	a	[***]	(including	[***],[***],[***]	and	[***]	of	[***]	of	[***])	(any	such	[***],	other	than	(a)
any	such	[***]	that	TFL	in	good	faith	believes	not	to	be	a	[***],	(b)	any	such	[***]	where	a	[***]	of	such	[***]	is	[***]	by	a	[***]
that	is	also	a	[***]	in	such	[***],	or	(c)	any	such	[***]	that	is	[***]	by	[***]	or	[***],	a	“[***]”),	(y)	any	amendment,
modification	or	supplement	to,	or	waiver	or	consent	under,	any	[***]	governing	or	evidencing	a	[***]	or	(z)	any	other	[***]	or
[***]	relating	to	or	affecting	any	[***],	in	each	case,	the	effect	of	which	is	to	[***]	the	[***]	of	the	[***]	to	[***]:
(i)
[***]	(other	than	[***]	arising	from	a	different	[***]	(e.g.,	[***]	based	on	a	[***]	or	[***]	based	on	a
[***],	or	a	[***])),	and	excluding	[***]	in	the	[***]	of	[***])	when	considered	together	with	other	relevant	aspects	of	the	[***]
which	customarily	affect	[***];
(ii)
[***]	when	considered	together	with	other	relevant	aspects	of	the	[***]	which	customarily	affect
[***];	or
(iii)
the	
[***]	of	[***]	or	[***]	or	[***]	howsoever	denominated	that	[***]	the	[***]	to	[***]	under	such
[***],[***]	the	[***]	of	[***]	or	[***]	the	[***]	or	[***]	of	such	[***]	or	the	ability	of	the	[***]	of	the	[***]	in	connection	with
such	[***]	to	[***]	or	[***]	and	[***],	which	[***],	taken	as	a	whole,	together	with	the	[***]	and	[***]	of	such	[***],	are	[***]	to
[***];
(each	of	the	foregoing	clauses	(i)	through	(iii),	a	[***]”);
then,	TFL,	as	applicable,	shall	promptly	notify	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Group	Agents	thereof	and,	not	later	than
[***]	days	after	the	effectiveness	of	any	such	[***],	deliver	an	[***]	of	the	relevant	[***]	such	[***]	to	the	Administrative
Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	and,	unless	the	Administrative	Agent	notifies	TFL	within	[***]	days	after	receipt	of	such	[***]
to	the	contrary,	within	[***]	days	after	receipt	of	such	request,		[***]	into	[***]	to	[***]	and	each	other	[***]	as	may	be
necessary	to	[***]	such	[***]	into	[***]	and	the	[***].		Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	nothing	set	forth	in	this	Section	6.03(b)
shall	be	construed	to	limit	the	ability	of	the	TFL	or	the	Trust	to	[***]	a	[***]	in	the	[***]	or	enter	into	a	[***].
-72-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
ARTICLE	VII
SERVICING	AND	COLLECTIONS
SECTION	7.01
		
Maintenance	of	Information	and	Computer	Lease	Documents
.		The	Borrower	will,	or	will
cause	the	Servicer	to,	hold	in	trust	and	keep	safely	for	the	Administrative	Agent	all	evidence	of	the	Administrative	Agent’s
security	interest	in	and	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	and	other	Collateral.
SECTION	7.02
		
Protection	of	the	Interests	of	the	Secured	Parties
.
(a)
The	Borrower	shall,	from	time	to	time	and	at	the	Borrower’s	sole	expense,	do	and	perform	any	and
all	necessary	acts	and	execute	any	and	all	necessary	documents,	including	the	obtaining	of	additional	search	reports,	the
delivery	of	further	opinions	of	counsel,	the	execution,	amendment	or	supplementation	of	any	financing	statements,
continuation	statements	and	other	instruments	and	documents	for	filing	under	the	provisions	of	the	Relevant	UCC	of	any
applicable	jurisdiction,	the	execution,	amendment	or	supplementation	of	any	instrument	of	transfer	and	the	making	of
notations	on	the	Lease	Documents	of	the	Borrower	or	TFL	as	may	be	reasonably	requested	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or
any	Group	Agent	in	order	to	effect	the	purposes	of	this	Agreement	and	the	creation,	perfection	and	priority	of	the
Administrative	Agent’s	security	interest	in	the	Collateral,	to	protect	the	Administrative	Agent’s	security	interest	in	and	to
the	Collateral	(other	than	a	Lease	which	has	been	removed	from	the	Collateral	pursuant	to	
Section	2.09
,	
4.01
	(the	last	two
paragraphs	thereof)	or	
4.02
	(the	last	two	paragraphs	thereof)	or	
Section	2.2
	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement)
against	all	Persons	whomsoever	or	to	enable	the	Administrative	Agent	to	exercise	or	enforce	any	of	their	respective	rights
hereunder.
(b)
To	the	fullest	extent	permitted	by	applicable	law,	the	Borrower	hereby	irrevocably	grants	to	the
Administrative	Agent	an	irrevocable	power	of	attorney,	with	full	power	of	substitution,	coupled	with	an	interest,	to
authorize	and	file	in	the	name	of	the	Borrower,	or	in	its	own	name,	such	financing	statements	and	continuation	statements
and	amendments	thereto	or	assignments	thereof	as	the	Administrative	Agent	deems	necessary	to	protect	the	Collateral	or
perfect	the	Administrative	Agent’s	security	interest	therein;	
provided
,	
however
,	that	such	power	of	attorney	may	only	be
exercised	without	the	prior	written	consent	of	the	Borrower	if	(i)	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer	fails	to	perform	any	act
required	hereunder	after	receiving	five	(5)	Business	Days	written	notice	of	such	failure	from	the	Administrative	Agent	or	(ii)
(A)	a	Servicer	Default,	or	(B)	an	Event	of	Default	shall	have	occurred	and	be	continuing.
(c)
Once	during	each	calendar	year,	in	the	case	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	one	or	more	times
during	each	calendar	year,	in	the	case	of	each	Group	Agent,	at	such	times	during	normal	business	hours	as	are	reasonably
convenient	to	the	Borrower,	and	upon	reasonable	request	of	the	Administrative	Agent	or	such	Group	Agent,	and	prior
written	notice	to	the	Borrower,	the	Administrative	Agent	or	such	Group	Agent	(or	a	Person	engaged	by	the	Administrative
Agent	or	such	Group	Agent)	may	conduct	audits	and/or	visit	and	inspect	any	of	the	properties	of	the	Borrower	(including
the	Servicer	and	[***]	as	subservicer)	where	Lease	Documents	are	located,	to	examine	the	Lease	Documents,	to	confirm
and	verify	the	existence,	amount	and	status	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases,	to	examine	internal	controls	and	procedures
maintained	by	the	Borrower,	and	take	copies	and	extracts	therefrom,	and	to	discuss	the	Borrower’s	affairs	with	its	officers
and	employees,	servicers,	subservicers	(including	[***])	and	upon	prior	written	notice	to	the	Borrower	,	independent
accountants.		In	addition	to	the	audits	and/or	visits	and	inspections	permitted	under	the	preceding	sentence,	prior	to	the
date	that	is	60	days	following	the	Closing	Date,	the	Group	Agents	(or	Persons	engaged	by	the	Group	Agents)	may	conduct
-73-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
an	audit	and/or	visit	and	inspect	any	of	the	properties	of	the	Borrower	(including	the	Servicer	and	
[***]
	as	subservicer)
where	Lease	Documents	are	located,	during	normal	business	hours	as	are	reasonably	convenient	to	the	Borrower,	at	the
expense	of	the	Borrower	,	to	examine	the	Lease	Documents,	to	confirm	and	verify	the	existence,	amount	and	status	of	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Leases,	to	examine	internal	controls	and	procedures	maintained	by	the	Borrower,	and	take	copies	and
extracts	therefrom,	and	to	discuss	the	Borrower’s	affairs	with	its	officers	and	employees,	servicers,	subservicers	(including
[***]
)	and	upon	prior	written	notice	to	the	Borrower,	independent	accountants.		The	Borrower	hereby	authorizes	such
officers,	employees,	servicers,	subservicers	and	independent	accountants	to	discuss	with	the	Administrative	Agent,	the
Group	Agents	and	the	Back-Up	Servicer,	the	affairs	of	the	Borrower.		The	Borrower		shall	reimburse	the	Administrative
Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	the	Back-Up	Servicer	for	all	reasonable	out-of-pocket	fees,	costs	and	expenses	incurred	by	or
on	behalf	of	the	Administrative	Agent
,	
the	Group	Agents
	or	the	Back-Up	Servicer
	in	connection	with	the	foregoing	actions
promptly	upon	receipt	of	a	written	invoice	therefor	in	connection	with	the	initial	post-closing	audit,	visit	and	inspection,	the
initial	audit,	visit	and	inspection	by	the	Administrative	Agent	(or	a	Person	engaged	by	the	Administrative	Agent)	in	any
calendar	year,	and	all	audits,	visits	and	inspections	made	after	the	occurrence	and	during	the	continuation	of	a	Default	or
an	Event	of	Default.		Any	audit	provided	for	herein	shall	be	conducted	in	accordance	with	Borrower’s	reasonable	rules
respecting	safety	and	security	on	its	premises	and	without	materially	disrupting	operations.		Nothing	in	this	
Section	7.02(c)
shall	affect	the	obligation	of	the	Borrower	to	observe	any	applicable	law	prohibiting	the	disclosure	of	information	regarding
the	Lessees,	and	the	failure	of	the	Borrower	to	provide	access	to	information	as	a	result	of	such	obligation	shall	not
constitute	a	breach	of	this	
Section	7.02(c)
.
(d)
To	the	fullest	extent	permitted	by	applicable	law,	the	Borrower	hereby	irrevocably	grants	during
the	term	of	this	Agreement	to	the	Administrative	Agent	(or	its	designated	agent)	or	the	successor	Servicer,	if	any,	an
irrevocable	power	of	attorney,	with	full	power	of	substitution,	coupled	with	an	interest,	to	take	in	the	name	of	the	Borrower
all	steps	and	actions	permitted	to	be	taken	under	this	Agreement	with	respect	to	the	Collateral	which	the	Administrative
Agent	may	deem	necessary	or	advisable	to	negotiate	or	otherwise	realize	on	any	right	of	any	kind	held	or	owned	by	the
Borrower	or	transmitted	to	or	received	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	its	designated	agent	(whether	or	not	from	the
Borrower	or	any	Lessee)	in	connection	with	the	Collateral;	
provided
,	
however
,	that	such	power	of	attorney	may	not	be
exercised	without	the	prior	written	consent	of	the	Borrower,	unless	(A)	an	Event	of	Default	shall	have	occurred	and	be
continuing,	or	(B)	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer	fails	to	perform	any	act	required	hereunder	after	receiving	ten	(10)
Business	Days	written	notice	of	such	failure	from	the	Administrative	Agent.		The	Administrative	Agent	will	provide	such
periodic	accounting	and	other	information	related	to	the	disposition	of	funds	so	collected	as	the	Borrower	may	reasonably
request.
SECTION	7.03
		
Maintenance	of	Writings	and	Lease	Documents
.		The	Borrower	will	at	all	times	keep	or
cause	to	be	kept	at	its	Chief	Executive	Office	or	at	an	office	of	the	Servicer	designated	in	advance	to	the	Administrative
Agent,	each	writing	or	written	Lease	Document	which	evidences,	and	which	is	necessary	or	desirable	to	establish	or
protect,	including	such	books	of	account	and	other	Lease	Documents	as	will	enable	the	Administrative	Agent	or	its
designee	to	determine	at	any	time	the	status	of,	the	security	interest	of	the	Administrative	Agent	in	the	Collateral..
SECTION	7.04
		
Administration	and	Collections
.
(a)
Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account
.		The	Borrower	shall	cause	to	be	established	and	maintained
in	the	name	of	the	Borrower	for	the	benefit	of	the	Administrative	Agent	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	for	the
purpose	of	receiving	and	disbursing	all	Collections	on	the	Collateral,	all	payments	made	by	the	Borrower	pursuant	to	this
Agreement,	all	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Receipts	and	all	other	payments	to	be
-74-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
made	into	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account.		The	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	shall	be	an	Eligible	Account
used	only	for	the	collection	of	the	amounts	and	for	application	of	such	amounts	as	described	in	
Section	2.04
	of	this
Agreement.		The	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	will	be	an	Eligible	Account	established	pursuant	to	a	Control
Agreement	with	respect	to	which	the	Administrative	Agent	shall,	at	all	times,	be	an	Entitlement	Holder	or	purchaser	with
Control	and	will	bear	a	designation	to	clearly	indicate	that	the	funds	and	Financial	Assets	deposited	therein	are	held	for	the
benefit	of	the	Administrative	Agent.		The	Borrower	agrees	to	deposit	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	(a)	at	least
95%	of	all	Collections	received	by	the	Borrower	during	each	Settlement	Period	that	are	not	received	directly	in	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	no	later	than	two	(2)	Business	Days	after	receipt,	and	(b)	the	remainder	of	such
Collections	as	soon	as	reasonably	practical	but	not	later	than	two	(2)	Business	Days	after	identification.		If	the	Warehouse
SUBI	Collection	Account	ceases	to	be	an	Eligible	Account,	the	Borrower	shall	within	thirty	(30)	calendar	days	of	receipt	of
notice	of	such	change	in	eligibility	transfer	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	to	an	account	that	meets	the
requirements	of	an	Eligible	Account	and	that	is	established	pursuant	to	a	substitute	Control	Agreement	with	respect	to
which	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	be	an	Entitlement	Holder	or	purchaser	with	Control	and	which	bears	a	designation	to
indicate	clearly	that	the	funds	and	Financial	Assets	deposited	therein	are	held	for	the	benefit	of	the	Administrative
Agent.		If	there	shall	have	been	deposited	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	any	amount	not	required	to	be
deposited	therein	and	so	identified	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	such	amount	shall	be	withdrawn	from	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Collection	Account,	any	provision	herein	to	the	contrary	notwithstanding,	and	any	such	amounts	shall	not	be	deemed	to	be
a	part	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account.		The	Borrower	may,	with	the	consent	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and
each	Group	Agent,	establish	a	new	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	subject	to	a	new	Control	Agreement	in	replacement
of	the	existing	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	and	Control	Agreement.
(b)
Security	Deposits
.		The	Borrower	shall	cause	all	Security	Deposits	to	be	held	in	a	Permitted
Account	pledged	to	the	Administrative	Agent	for	the	benefit	of	the	Secured	Parties	to	secure	the	Secured	Obligations,
which	security	interest	shall	be	perfected	by	control	pursuant	to	a	Control	Agreement.
(c)
Investment
.		The	Borrower	may	cause	the	funds	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	to	be
invested	in	Eligible	Investments,	held	in	the	name	of	the	Administrative	Agent,	which	shall	mature	no	later	than	the
Payment	Date	following	such	investment.		Any	income	or	other	gain	from	such	Eligible	Investments	(i)	shall	be	transferred
to	the	Reserve	Account	if	necessary	to	satisfy	the	Required	Reserve	Account	Balance,	if	any,	and	(ii)	shall,	to	the	extent
there	remains	any	balance	after	giving	effect	to	preceding	clause	(i),	be	paid	to	the	Borrower.
ARTICLE	VIII
EVENTS	OF	DEFAULT
SECTION	8.01
		
Events	of	Default
.		The	occurrence	of	any	one	or	more	of	the	following	events	shall
constitute	an	Event	of	Default:
(a)
any	Tesla	Party	shall	fail	to	perform	or	observe	any	term,	covenant,	agreement	or	undertaking
hereunder	or	under	any	other	Transaction	Document	(other	than	as	described	elsewhere	in	this	Section	8.01),	which	failure
could	reasonably	be	expected	to	materially	and	adversely	affect	the	interests	of	the	Lender	Parties,	and	such	failure	shall
remain	unremedied	for:
-75-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(i)
in	the	case	of	any	covenant	set	forth	in	any	of	
Sections	2.06
(a)
,	
7.04(a
)
	or
	
6.01(l
)
,	
five	(5)	Business
Days	after	the	earlier	of	(x)	any	Responsible	Officer	of	the	Borrower	becomes	aware	thereof	or	(y)	written	notice	thereof
has	been	given	to	the	Borrower	by	a	Lender	Party;	or
(ii)
in	the	case	of	any	other	covenant	thirty	(30)	calendar	days	after	the	earlier	of	(i)	any	Responsible
Officer	of	the	Borrower	becomes	aware	thereof	or	(ii)	written	notice	thereof	has	been	given	to	the	Borrower	by	a	Lender
Party;	or
(b)
any	representation,	warranty,	certification	or	statement	made	by	any	Tesla	Party	in	this
Agreement	or	in	any	other	Transaction	Document	shall	have	been	untrue	or	incorrect	when	made	or	deemed	made	and
which	incorrectness	could	reasonably	be	expected	to	materially	and	adversely	affect	the	interests	of	the	Lender	Parties,
and,	if	capable	of	being	cured,	shall	remain	unremedied	for	thirty	(30)	calendar	days	after	the	earlier	of	(i)	any	Responsible
Officer	of	the	Borrower	becomes	aware	thereof	or	(ii)	written	notice	thereof	has	been	given	to	the	Borrower	by	a	Lender
Party;	or
(c)
the	Borrower	shall	fail	to	pay	or	shall	fail	to	cause	to	be	paid	to	the	Lender	Parties	(i)	the	Loan
Balance	in	full,	together	with	all	other	Secured	Obligations,	on	the	Loan	Maturity	Date,	or	(ii)	the	Interest	Distributable
Amount,	Usages	Fees	or	Unused	Fees	in	full	for	any	Payment	Date	on	such	Payment	Date	and	such	failure	to	pay	the
Interest	Distributable	Amount	in	full	shall	continue	for	three	(3)	Business	Days;	or
(d)
(i)	any	Repurchase	Amount	fails	to	be	paid	when	due,	and	such	failure	shall	continue	for	three	(3)
Business	Days	or	(ii)	Section	3.1A(c)	of	the	TBM	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement	shall	be	amended,	modified	or	waived	without
the	prior	written	consent	of	the	Administrative	Agent;	or
(e)
any	Tesla	Party	shall	fail	to	pay	or	fail	to	cause	to	be	paid	when	due	any	other	amount	due
hereunder	or	under	any	other	Transaction	Document	(other	than	any	amount	described	in	any	other	clause	of	this	Section
8.01)	when	due	and	such	failure	shall	continue	for	three	(3)	Business	Days	after	written	notice	thereof	by	any	Lender	Party
to	the	Borrower;	or
(f)
an	Event	of	Bankruptcy	shall	occur	with	respect	to	any	Tesla	Party;	or
(g)
there	shall	be	entered	against	(x)	the	Trust	one	or	more	final	judgments	or	orders	for	the	payment
of	money	in	an	individual	amount	exceeding	$[***]	or	an		aggregate	amount	(as	to	all	such	judgments	or	orders)	exceeding
$[***],	or	(y)	the	Borrower	one	or	more	final	judgments	or	orders	for	the	payment	of	money	in	an	individual	or	aggregate
amount	exceeding	$[***],	in	each	case	to	the	extent	not	paid	or	covered	by	insurance	(other	than	customary	reservation	of
rights	letters)	or	third	party	indemnification),	and	any	such	judgment	or	order		shall	not	have	been	fully	paid	or	otherwise
satisfied,	vacated,	dismissed,	discharged,	appealed	(and	bonded	pending	such	appeal	if	and	to	the	extent	required	by	law)
or	stayed	within	sixty	(60)	days	(or	such	earlier	date	when	valid	enforcement	proceedings	are	commenced	by	any	creditor
upon	such	judgment	or	order)	from	the	entry	thereof;	or
(h)
a	Change	in	Control	shall	have	occurred	and	shall	be	continuing	for	at	least	thirty	(30)	consecutive
days;	or
(i)
the	average	of	the	Delinquency	Ratios	for	any	three	(3)	consecutive	Settlement	Periods	shall
exceed	the	Delinquency	Ratio	Trigger;	or
-76-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(j)
the	annualized	average	of	the	Credit	Loss	Ratios	for	any	three	(3)	consecutive	Settlement	Periods
shall	exceed	the	Credit	Loss	Ratio	Trigger;	or
(k)
the	Residual	Value	Loss	Ratio,	as	of	any	Statistically	Significant	RVLR	Calculation	Date,	shall	be
greater	than	the	Residual	Value	Loss	Ratio	Trigger;	or
(l)
on	any	Payment	Date,	the	Loan	Balance,	after	giving	effect	to	all	increases	and	decreases	in	the
Loan	Balance	on	such	Payment	Date,	shall	exceed	the	Maximum	Loan	Balance	for	such	Payment	Date	and	such	condition
shall	continue	for	three	(3)	Business	Days;	or
(m)
the	outstanding	balance	of	the	Reserve	Account	shall	be	less	than	the	Required	Reserve	Account
Balance	and	such	condition	shall	continue	for	three	(3)	Business	Days;	or
(n)
a	Responsible	Officer	of	the	Borrower	shall	become	aware	of	any	breach	any	of	the	covenants	in
Section	6.01(n)
	relating	to	Interest	Rate	Hedges	or	the	Borrower	shall	have	been	given	written	notice	of	any	such	breach
by	a	Lender	Party;	or
(o)
the	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	delivered	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicer	Termination	Notice	to
the	Servicer	pursuant	to	Section	5.1	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement	and	no	successor	Servicer	(including	the
Back-Up	Servicer)	shall	have	been	appointed	to	replace	the	Servicer	under	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement
within	45	days	(or	such	later	date	specified	in	writing	by	the	Group	Agents	in	their	sole	and	absolute	discretion)	after	the
date	on	which	such	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicer	Termination	Notice	is	delivered;	or
(p)
the	Borrower	or	the	Trust	shall	become	an	“investment	company”	within	the	meaning	of	the
Investment	Company	Act	or	a	“covered	fund”	under	the	Volcker	Rule.
SECTION	8.02
			
Remedies	Upon	the	Occurrence	of	an	Event	of	Default
.
(a)
If	an	Event	of	Default	has	occurred	and	has	not	been	waived,	the	Administrative	Agent	shall,	at	the
request,	or	may	with	the	consent,	of	the	Group	Agents,	by	notice	to	the	Borrower	(a	“
Notice	of	Termination
”),	declare	all	of
the	Secured	Obligations	to	be	immediately	due	and	payable	(except	that,	in	the	case	of	any	event	described	in
Section	8.01(f)
,	all	of	the	Secured	Obligations	shall	automatically	become	immediately	due	and	payable)	and	the	Facility
Limit	and	Commitments	shall	be	terminated	without	presentment,	demand,	protest	or	notice	of	any	kind	(except	as
expressly	required	in	this	
Section	8.02
),	all	of	which	are	hereby	expressly	waived	by	the	Borrower.		On	and	after	the
occurrence	of	an	Event	of	Default	that	has	not	been	waived,	the	Lenders	shall	fund	no	further	Loan	Increases.		In	addition,
(i)	following	the	occurrence	of	an	Event	of	Default,	the	Administrative	Agent	shall,	at	the	request,	or	may	with	the	consent,
of	the	Group	Agents,	terminate	TFL	or	any	Affiliate	thereof	as	Servicer	pursuant	to	
Section	4.1
	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI
Servicing	Agreement	(but	may,	at	the	Administrative	Agent’s	option,	retain	the	services	of	[***]	as	subservicer),	and	(ii)
following	the	occurrence	of	an	Event	of	Default	(and	in	no	event	before	the	occurrence	of	an	Event	of	Default),	the
Administrative	Agent	shall,	at	the	request,	or	may	with	the	consent,	of	the	Group	Agents,	exercise	its	rights	and	remedies
under	the	Control	Agreements	relating	to	the	Reserve	Account	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	and	as
otherwise	contemplated	herein.		In	addition,	following	the	occurrence	of	an	Event	of	Default,	the	Loan	Balance	shall	accrue
interest	at	the	Default	Rate	in	accordance	with	
Section	2.02
.		
-77-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(b)
In	addition	to	all	rights	and	remedies	under	this	Agreement	or	otherwise,	the	Administrative
Agent	shall	have	all	other	rights	and	remedies	provided	under	the	Relevant	UCC	and	under	other	applicable	laws,	which
rights	shall	be	cumulative.		Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing,	if	an	Event	of	Default	has	occurred	and	has	not
been	waived,	the	Administrative	Agent	may,	with	prior	written	consent	from	each	Group	Agent,	and	shall,	at	the	written
direction	of	each	Group	Agent,	sell	the	Collateral	or	any	part	thereof	in	any	commercially	reasonable	manner	at	public	or
private	sale,	for	cash,	upon	credit	or	for	future	delivery,	and	at	such	price	or	prices	as	the	Administrative	Agent	may	deem
satisfactory.		The	Borrower	will	execute	and	deliver	such	documents	and	take	such	other	action	as	the	Administrative	Agent
reasonably	deems	necessary	or	advisable	in	order	that	any	such	sale	may	be	made	in	compliance	with	applicable	law.		Upon
any	such	sale,	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	the	right	to	deliver,	assign	and	transfer	to	the	purchaser	thereof	the
Collateral	so	sold.		Each	purchaser	at	any	such	sale	shall	hold	the	Collateral	so	sold	to	it	absolutely	and	free	from	any	claim
or	right	of	whatsoever	kind,	including	any	equity	or	right	of	redemption	of	the	Borrower	which	may	be	waived,	and	the
Borrower,	to	the	extent	permitted	by	applicable	law,	hereby	specifically	waives	all	rights	of	redemption,	stay	or	appraisal
which	it	has	or	may	have	under	any	law	now	existing	or	hereafter	adopted.		The	Administrative	Agent,	instead	of	exercising
the	power	of	sale	herein	conferred	upon	it,	shall,	at	the	direction,	or	may	with	the	consent,	of	the	Group	Agents	proceed	by
a	suit	or	suits	at	law	or	in	equity	to	foreclose	the	security	interests	in	the	Collateral	and	sell	the	Collateral,	or	any	portion
thereof,	under	a	judgment	or	decree	of	a	court	or	courts	of	competent	jurisdiction.
(c)
In	furtherance	of	the	rights,	powers	and	remedies	of	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Borrower
hereby	irrevocably	appoints	the	Administrative	Agent	as	its	true	and	lawful	attorney,	with	full	power	of	substitution,	in	the
name	of	the	Borrower,	or	otherwise,	for	the	sole	use	and	benefit	of	the	Administrative	Agent	(for	the	further	benefit	of	the
Secured	Parties),	but	at	the	Borrower’s	expense,	to	the	extent	permitted	by	law	to	exercise,	at	any	time	and	from	time	to
time	if	an	Event	of	Default	has	occurred	and	has	not	been	waived,	all	or	any	of	the	following	powers	with	respect	to	all	or
any	of	the	Collateral:
(i)
to	demand,	sue	for,	collect,	receive	and	give	acquittance	for	any	and	all	monies	due	or	to	become
due	thereon	or	by	virtue	thereof,
(ii)
to	settle,	compromise,	compound,	prosecute	or	defend	any	action	or	proceeding	with	respect
thereto,
(iii)
to	sell,	transfer,	assign	or	otherwise	deal	in	or	with	the	Collateral	or	the	proceeds	or	avails
thereof,	as	fully	and	effectually	as	if	the	Administrative	Agent	were	the	absolute	owner	thereof,	and
(iv)
to	extend	the	time	of	payment	of	any	or	all	thereof	and	to	make	any	allowance	and	other
adjustments	with	reference	thereto;
provided
	that	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	give	the	Borrower	at	least	ten	(10)	days	prior	written	notice	of	the	time	and
place	of	any	public	sale	or	the	time	after	which	any	private	sale	or	other	intended	disposition	of	any	of	the	Collateral	is	to
be	made.		The	Borrower	agrees	that	such	notice	constitutes	“reasonable	authenticated	notification”	within	the	meaning	of
Section	9-611(b)	of	the	UCC	(or	other	section	of	similar	content	of	the	Relevant	UCC).
-78-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(d)
Notwithstanding	anything	to	the	contrary	contained	in	this	Agreement,	if	at	any	time	the	rights,
powers	and	privileges	of	the	Administrative	Agent	following	the	occurrence	of	an	Event	of	Default	conflict	(or	are
inconsistent)	with	the	rights	and	obligations	of	the	Servicer,	the	rights,	powers	and	privileges	of	the	Administrative	Agent
shall	supersede	the	rights	and	obligations	of	the	Servicer	to	the	extent	of	such	conflict	(or	inconsistency),	with	the	express
intent	of	maximizing	the	rights,	powers	and	privileges	of	the	Administrative	Agent	following	the	occurrence	of	an	Event	of
Default.
(e)
The	Administrative	Agent	agrees	with	the	Borrower,	with	respect	to	any	Control	Agreement	and
the	related	deposit	or	securities	account,	that	the	Administrative	Agent	will	not	deliver	a	“Notice	of	Exclusive	Control”	or
“Access	Termination	Notice”	(as	defined	in	such	Control	Agreement)	to	the	applicable	securities	intermediary	or	account
bank	except	after	an	Event	of	Default	has	occurred	that	has	not	been	waived.
(f)
The	parties	hereto	acknowledge	that	this	Agreement	is,	and	is	intended	to	be,	a	contract	to	extend
financial	accommodations	to	the	Borrower	within	the	meaning	of	Section	365(e)(2)(B)	of	the	Bankruptcy	Code	(or	any
amended	or	successor	provision	thereof	or	any	amended	or	successor	code).
ARTICLE	IX
THE	ADMINISTRATIVE	AGENT
SECTION	9.01
		Authorization	and	Action
.		Each	Lender	hereby	appoints	and	authorizes	the	Administrative
Agent	to	take	such	action	as	agent	on	its	behalf	and	to	exercise	such	powers	under	this	Agreement	as	are	delegated	to	the
Administrative	Agent	by	the	terms	hereof,	together	with	such	powers	as	are	reasonably	incidental	thereto.		Effective	as	of
the	Amendment	No.	1	Effective	Date,	the	Borrower	hereby	appoints	Deutsche	Bank	Trust	Company	Americas,	acting
through	its	office	at	60	Wall	Street,	New	York,	New	York	10005,	as	the	registrar	and	paying	agent	in	respect	of	the	Loans
(together	with	any	successor	or	successors	as	such	registrar	and	paying	agent	qualified	and	appointed	in	accordance	with
this	Article	IX,	the	“
Paying	Agent
”),	upon	the	terms	and	subject	to	the	conditions	set	forth	herein,	and	Deutsche	Bank	Trust
Company	Americas	hereby	accepts	such	appointment.	The	Paying	Agent	shall	have	the	powers	and	authority	granted	to	and
conferred	upon	it	herein,	and	such	further	powers	and	authority	to	act	on	behalf	of	the	Borrower	as	the	Borrower	and	the
Paying	Agent	may	hereafter	mutually	agree	in	writing.		Neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	shall	have
any	duties	other	than	those	expressly	set	forth	in	the	Transaction	Documents,	and	no	implied	obligations	or	liabilities	shall
be	read	into	any	Transaction	Document,	or	otherwise	exist,	against	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent.		The
Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	do	not	assume,	nor	shall	either	of	them	be	deemed	to	have	assumed,	any
obligation	to,	or	relationship	of	trust	or	agency	with,	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	TBM	or	any	Tesla	Party,	the	Conduit	Lenders,	the
Committed	Lenders	or	the	Group	Agents,	except	for	any	obligations	expressly	set	forth	herein;	
provided
	that	all	funds	held
by	the	Paying	Agent	for	payment	of	principal	of	or	interest	(and	any	additional	amounts)	on	the	Loans	shall	be	held	in	trust
by	the	Paying	Agent,	and	applied	as	set	forth	herein.		Notwithstanding	any	provision	of	this	Agreement	or	any	other
Transaction	Document,	in	no	event	shall	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	ever	be	required	to	take	any	action
which	exposes	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	respectively,	to	personal	liability	or	which	is	contrary	to	any
provision	of	any	Transaction	Document	or	applicable	law.		Upon	receiving	a	notice,	report,	statement,	document	or	other
communication	from	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer	pursuant	to	
Section	2.01(d)(i)
,	
Section	2.01(d)(iii)
,	
Section	2.08
,	
Section
6.03(a)
,	
Section	6.03(c)
	or	
Section	7.02(c)
,	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	promptly	deliver	to	each	Group	Agent	a	copy	of
such	notice,	report,	statement,	document	or	communication.	The	Administrative	Agent	shall	at	all	times	also	be	the	TFL
Administrative	Agent.	The	Paying	Agent	shall	at	all	times	also	be	the	TFL	Paying	Agent.	The	Paying	Agent	shall
-79-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
be	under	no	obligation	to	exercise	any	of	the	rights	or	powers	vested	in	it	by	this	Agreement	at	the	request	or	direction	of
any	of	the	Borrower	or	the	Lenders,	unless	such	Borrower	or	Lender	shall	have	offered	to	the	Paying	Agent	security	or
indemnity	reasonably	satisfactory	to	the	Paying	Agent	against	the	costs,	expenses	and	liabilities	that	might	be	incurred	by
it	in	compliance	with	such	request	or	direction.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	not	be	responsible	for,	and	makes	no
representation	as	to	the	existence,	genuineness,	value	or	protection	of	any	Collateral,	for	the	legality,	effectiveness	or
sufficiency	of	any	documents	or	other	instruments,	or	for	the	creation,	perfection,	filing,	priority,	sufficiency	or	protection
of	any	liens	securing	the	Loans.		The	Paying	Agent	shall	incur	no	liability	for	not	performing	any	act	or	fulfilling	any	duty,
obligation	or	responsibility	hereunder	by	reason	of	any	occurrence	beyond	the	control	of	the	Paying	Agent	(including,	but
not	limited	to,	any	act	or	provision	of	any	present	or	future	law	or	regulation	or	governmental	authority,	any	act	of	God	or
war,	civil	unrest,	local	or	national	disturbance	or	disaster,	any	act	of	terrorism	or	the	unavailability	of	the	Federal	Reserve
Bank	wire	or	facsimile	or	other	wire	or	communication	facility).
SECTION	9.02		
Administrative	Agent’s	and	Paying	Agent’s	Reliance,	Etc
.		Neither	the	Administrative	Agent
nor	the	Paying	Agent	or	any	of	their	respective	directors,	officers,	agents	or	employees	shall	be	liable	for	any	action	taken
or	omitted	to	be	taken	by	it	or	them	as	Administrative	Agent	or	as	Paying	Agent	under	or	in	connection	with	this	Agreement
(including	the	Administrative	Agent’s	servicing,	administering	or	collecting	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets	in	the	event	it	replaces
the	Servicer	in	such	capacity	pursuant	to	
Article	VII
),	in	the	absence	of	its	or	their	own	gross	negligence	or	willful
misconduct.		Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing,	each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	Paying	Agent:	(a)	may
consult	with	legal	counsel	(including	counsel	for	a	Group	Agent,	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer),	independent	certified	public
accountants	and	other	experts	selected	by	it	and	shall	not	be	liable	for	any	action	taken	or	omitted	to	be	taken	in	good	faith
by	it	in	accordance	with	the	advice	of	such	counsel,	accountants	or	experts;	(b)	makes	no	warranty	or	representation	to	any
Group	Agent	or	Lender	(whether	written	or	oral)	and	shall	not	be	responsible	to	any	Group	Agent	or	Lender	for	any
statements,	warranties	or	representations	(whether	written	or	oral)	made	by	any	other	party	in	or	in	connection	with	this
Agreement;	(c)	shall	not	have	any	duty	to	ascertain	or	to	inquire	as	to	the	performance	or	observance	of	any	of	the	terms,
covenants	or	conditions	of	this	Agreement	on	the	part	of	any	Tesla	Party,	TBM,	TFL	or	Tesla,	Inc.	or	to	inspect	the	property
(including	the	books	and	records)	of	any	Tesla	Party,	TBM,	TFL	or	Tesla,	Inc.;	(d)	shall	not	be	responsible	to	any	Group
Agent	or	Lender	for	the	due	execution,	legality,	validity,	enforceability,	genuineness,	sufficiency	or	value	of	this	Agreement
or	any	other	instrument	or	document	furnished	pursuant	hereto;	and	(e)	shall	be	entitled	to	rely,	and	shall	be	fully
protected	in	so	relying,	upon	any	notice,	consent,	certificate,	report,	Settlement	Statement,	information,	direction	or	other
instrument	or	writing	(which	may	be	by	telecopier	or	electronic	mail)	signed	by	an	authorized	signatory	of	the	Borrower,
TFL,	the	Administrative	Agent,	any	Group	Agent	or	any	Lender,	respectively	(each,	an	“
Authorized	Signatory
”)	reasonably
believed	by	it	to	be	genuine	and	signed	or	sent	by	the	proper	party	or	parties.
SECTION	9.03		
Administrative	Agent	and	Paying	Agent	and	Their	Affiliates
.		With	respect	to	any	Loan	or
interests	therein	owned	by	any	Lender	that	is	also	the	Administrative	Agent	or	also	the	Paying	Agent,	such	Lender	shall
have	the	same	rights	and	powers	under	this	Agreement	as	any	other	Lender	and	may	exercise	the	same	as	though	it	were
not	the	Administrative	Agent.		The	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	and	any	of	their	respective	Affiliates	may
generally	engage	in	any	kind	of	business	with	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	TBM	and	each	Tesla	Party,	any	of	their	respective	Affiliates
and	any	Person	who	may	do	business	with	or	own	securities	of	Tesla.	Inc.,	TFL,	TBM
	or	any	Tesla	Party	or	any	of	their
respective	Affiliates,	all	as	if	the	Administrative	Agent	were	not	the	Administrative	Agent	and	as	if	the	Paying	Agent	were
not	the	Paying	Agent	hereunder	and	without	any	duty	to	account	therefor	to	any	other	Secured	Party.
-80-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
SECTION	9.04		
Indemnification	of	Administrative	Agent
	and	Paying	Agent
.		Each	Committed	Lender
agrees	to	indemnify	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	(to	the	extent	not	reimbursed	by	the	Tesla	Parties),
ratably	according	to	the	respective	Percentage	of	such	Committed	Lender,	from	and	against	any	and	all	liabilities,
obligations,	losses,	damages,	penalties,	actions,	judgments,	suits,	costs,	expenses	or	disbursements	of	any	kind	or	nature
whatsoever	which	may	be	imposed	on,	incurred	by,	or	asserted	against	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as
applicable,	in	any	way	relating	to	or	arising	out	of	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document	or	any	action	taken
or	omitted	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document,
including,	without	limitation,	any	claim	commenced	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	to	enforce	such
indemnification	obligation	and	any	liability,	obligation,	loss,	damage,	penalty,	action,	judgment,	suit,	cost,	expense	or
disbursement	of	any	kind	incurred	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable,	in	connection	with
taking	action	or	omitting	to	take	any	action	at	the	direction	of	any	Group	Agent	or	Lender;	
provided
	that	no	Committed
Lender	shall	be	liable	for	any	portion	of	such	liabilities,	obligations,	losses,	damages,	penalties,	actions,	judgments,	suits,
costs,	expenses	or	disbursements	resulting	from	the	Administrative	Agent’s	or	the	Paying	Agent’s	gross	negligence	or
willful	misconduct.
		The	obligations	under	this	Section	shall	survive	the	termination	of	this	Agreement	and	the	resignation
or	removal	of	the	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable.
SECTION	9.05		
Delegation	of	Duties
.		Each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	may	execute
any	of	their	respective	duties	through	agents	or	attorneys-in-fact	and	shall	each	be	entitled	to	advice	of	counsel	concerning
all	matters	pertaining	to	such	duties.		Neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	responsible	for	the
negligence	or	misconduct	of	any	agents	or	attorneys-in-fact	selected	by	it	with	reasonable	care.
SECTION	9.06		
Action	or	Inaction	by	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent
.	Each	of	the	Administrative
Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	shall	in	all	cases	be	fully	justified	in	failing	or	refusing	to	take	action	under	any	Transaction
Document	unless	it	shall	first	receive	such	advice	or	concurrence	of	the	Group	Agents	and	assurance	of	its	indemnification
by	the	Committed	Lenders,	as	it	deems	appropriate.		Each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	shall	in	all
cases	be	fully	protected	in	acting,	or	in	refraining	from	acting,	under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document	in
accordance	with	a	request	or	at	the	direction	of	the	Group	Agents	and	such	request	or	direction	and	any	action	taken	or
failure	to	act	pursuant	thereto	shall	be	binding	upon	all	Lenders	and	the	Group	Agents.
SECTION	9.07
		Notice	of	Certain	Information	or	Events	of	Default;	Action	by	Administrative	Agent	or
Paying	Agent
.		Neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	deemed	to	have	knowledge	or	notice	of	any
fact,	claim	or	demand	or	the	occurrence	of	any	Servicer	Default,	Default	or	Event	of	Default	unless	the	Administrative
Agent	or	a	Reponsible	Officer	of	the	Paying	Agent	has	received	notice	from	any	Group	Agent,	Lender	or	the	Borrower	of
such	fact,	claim	or	demand	or	stating	that	a	Servicer	Default,	Default	or	Event	of	Default	has	occurred	hereunder	and
describing	such	Servicer	Default,	Default	or	Event	of	Default.		If	the	Administrative	Agent	or	a	Responsible	Officer	of	the
Paying	Agent	receives	such	a	notice,	either	shall	promptly	give	notice	thereof	to	each	Group	Agent,	whereupon	each	Group
Agent	shall	promptly	give	notice	thereof	to	its	respective	Conduit	Lender(s)	and	Related	Committed	Lenders.		The
Administrative	Agent	may	(but	shall	not	be	obligated	to)	take	such	action,	or	refrain	from	taking	such	action,	concerning	a
Servicer	Default,	Default	or	Event	of	Default	or	any	other	matter	hereunder	as	the	Administrative	Agent	deems	advisable
and	in	the	best	interests	of	the	Secured	Parties.
		Any	other	provision	of	this	Agreement	to	the	contrary	notwithstanding,	the
Paying	Agent	shall	have	no	notice	of	and	shall	not	be	bound	by	the	terms	and	conditions	of	any	other	document	or
agreement	unless	the	Paying	Agent	is	a	signatory	party	to	such	document	or	agreement.
-81-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
SECTION	9.08		
Non-Reliance	on	Administrative	Agent,	Paying	Agent	and	Other	Parties
.		Each	Group	Agent
and	Lender	expressly	acknowledges	that	neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	or	any	of	their	respective
directors,	officers,	agents	or	employees	has	made	any	representations	or	warranties	to	it	and	that	no	act	by	the
Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	hereafter	taken,	including	any	review	of	the	affairs	of	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	
TBM
	and
the	Tesla	Parties,	shall	be	deemed	to	constitute	any	representation	or	warranty	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying
Agent.		Each	Lender	represents	and	warrants	to	each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	that,	independently
and	without	reliance	upon	either	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	or	any	Group	Agent	or	any	other	Lender	and
based	on	such	documents	and	information	as	it	has	deemed	appropriate,	it	has	made	and	will	continue	to	make	its	own
appraisal	of	and	investigation	into	the	business,	operations,	property,	prospects,	financial	and	other	conditions	and
creditworthiness	of	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	
TBM
	and	each	Tesla	Party	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Assets	and	its	own	decision	to
enter	into	this	Agreement	and	to	take,	or	omit,	action	under	any	Transaction	Document.		Except	for	items	expressly
required	to	be	delivered	under	any	Transaction	Document	by	either	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as
applicable,	to	any	Group	Agent	or	Lender,	neither	the	Administrative	Agent	nor	the	Paying	Agent	shall	have	any	duty	or
responsibility	to	provide	any	Group	Agent	or	Lender	with	any	information	concerning	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	
TBM
	and	the	Tesla
Parties	or	any	of	their	Affiliates	that	comes	into	the	possession	of	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Paying	Agent	or	any	of	their
respective	directors,	officers,	agents,	employees,	attorneys-in-fact	or	Affiliates.
SECTION	9.09		
Compensation
.	Each	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to
the	compensation	to	be	agreed	upon	with	the	Borrower	in	writing,	as	may	be	amended	from	time	to	time	as	the	parties
hereto	may	agree,	for	all	services	rendered	by	it,	and	the	Borrower	agrees	promptly	to	pay	such	compensation	and	to
reimburse	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	for	out-of-pocket	expenses	(including	legal	fees	and	expenses)
incurred	by	it	in	connection	with	the	services	rendered	by	it	hereunder,	as	and	to	the	extent	agreed	upon	with	the
Borrower	and	subject	to	the	terms	of	this	Agreement,	including	
Section	2.04	
.	The	obligations	of	the	Borrower	under	this
Section	9.09
	shall	survive	the	payment	of	the	Loans	and	the	resignation	or	removal	of	either	the	Administrative	Agent	or
the	Paying	Agent	and	the	termination	of	this	Agreement.
SECTION	9.10	
Authorized	Signatory
.	Except	as	otherwise	specifically	provided	herein,	any	order,
certificate,	notice,	request,	direction	or	other	communication	from	the	Borrower,	TFL,	the	Administrative	Agent,	any	Group
Agent	or	any	Lender	made	or	given	under	any	provision	of	this	Agreement,	shall	be	sufficient	if	signed	by	an	Authorized
Signatory.		From	time	to	time	the	Borrower	and	TFL	will	furnish	the	Paying	Agent	with	a	certificate	as	to	the	incumbency
and	specimen	signatures	of	persons	who	are	then	Authorized	Signatories.		Until	the	Paying	Agent	receives	a	subsequent
certificate	from	the	Borrower	or	TFL,	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to	conclusively	rely	on	the	last	such	certificate
delivered	to	them	for	purposes	of	determining	the	Authorized	Signatories.
SECTION	9.11		
Successor	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent
.
(a)
Resignation	of	Administrative	Agent
(i)
The	Administrative	Agent	may,	upon	at	least	thirty	(30)	days’	notice	to	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer
and	each	Group	Agent,	resign	as	Administrative	Agent;	provided	it	also	resigns	as	TFL	Administrative	Agent.		Except	as
provided	below,	such	resignation	shall	not	become	effective	until	a	successor	Administrative	Agent	is	appointed	by	the
Group	Agents	as	a	successor	Administrative	Agent,	as	a	successor	TFL	Administrative	Agent	and	has	accepted	such
appointment.		If	no	successor	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	been	so	appointed
-82-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
by	the	Group	Agents,	within	thirty	(30)	days	after	the	departing	Administrative	Agent’s	giving	of	notice	of	resignation,	the
departing	Administrative	Agent	may,	on	behalf	of	the	Secured	Parties,	appoint	a	successor	Administrative	Agent.		If	no
successor	Administrative	Agent	shall	have	been	so	appointed	by	the	Group	Agents	within	sixty	(60)	days	after	the	departing
Administrative	Agent’s	giving	of	notice	of	resignation,	the	departing	Administrative	Agent	may,	on	behalf	of	the	Group
Agents,	petition	a	court	of	competent	jurisdiction	to	appoint	a	successor	Administrative	Agent,	which	successor
Administrative	Agent	shall	be	either	(i)	a	commercial	bank	having	a	combined	capital	and	surplus	of	at	least	$250,000,000
and	short-term	debt	ratings	of	at	least	“A-1”	from	S&P	and	“P-1”	from	Moody’s	or	(ii)	an	Affiliate	of	such	an	institution,	and
in	either	case	shall	also	be	the	TFL	Administrative	Agent.
(b)
Resignation	or	Removal	of	Paying	Agent
(i)
The	Paying	Agent	may	at	any	time	resign	by	giving	written	notice	of	its	resignation	to	the
Borrower,	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Group	Agents	specifying	the	date	on	which	its	resignation	shall	become
effective,	subject	to	the	conditions	set	forth	below;	provided	that	such	date	shall	be	at	least	30	days	after	the	receipt	of
such	notice	by	the	Borrower,	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Group	Agents	unless	such	parties	agree	in	writing	to	accept
shorter	notice.			The	Borrower	may,	at	any	time	and	for	any	reason	with	the	written	consent	of	the	Administrative	Agent
and	upon	at	least	30	days	written	notice	to	that	effect	(provided	that	no	such	notice	shall	expire	less	than	15	days	before	or
15	days	after	any	Payment	Date)	remove	the	Paying	Agent	and	appoint	a	successor	Paying	Agent	by	written	instrument	in
duplicate	signed	on	behalf	of	the	Borrower,	one	copy	of	which	shall	be	delivered	to	the	Paying	Agent	being	removed	and
one	copy	to	the	successor	Paying	Agent.		Upon	resignation	or	removal,	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	entitled	to	the	payment	by
the	Borrower	of	its	compensation	for	the	services	rendered	hereunder	and	to	the	reimbursement	of	all	reasonable	out-of-
pocket	expenses	(including	reasonable	legal	fees	and	expenses)	incurred	in	connection	with	the	services	rendered	by	it
hereunder,	as	and	to	the	extent	agreed	upon	with	the	Borrower.
(ii)
In	case	at	any	time	the	Paying	Agent	shall	resign,	or	shall	be	removed,	or	shall	become	incapable
of	acting,	or	be	adjudged	bankrupt	or	insolvent,	or	shall	file	a	voluntary	petition	in	bankruptcy,	or	shall	make	an	assignment
for	the	benefit	of	its	creditors,	or	shall	consent	to	the	appointment	of	a	receiver	of	all	or	any	substantial	part	of	its	property,
or	shall	admit	in	writing	its	inability	to	pay	or	meet	its	debts	as	they	mature,	or	if	an	order	of	any	court	shall	be	entered
approving	any	petition	filed	by	or	against	it	under	the	provisions	of	any	applicable	bankruptcy	or	insolvency	law,	or	if	a
receiver	of	it	or	of	all	or	any	substantial	part	of	its	property	shall	be	appointed,	or	if	any	public	officer	shall	take	charge	or
control	of	it	or	of	its	property	or	affairs	for	the	purpose	of	rehabilitation,	conservation	or	liquidation,	a	successor	to	the
Paying	Agent	shall	be	appointed	by	the	Borrower	by	an	instrument	in	writing	that	is	consented	to	in	writing	by	the
Administrative	Agent	(which	consent	shall	not	be	unreasonably	withheld	or	delayed).		Upon	the	appointment	as	aforesaid	of
a	successor	to	the	Paying	Agent	and	acceptance	by	it	of	such	appointment,	the	Paying	Agent	so	superseded	shall	cease	to
be	Paying	Agent	hereunder.		If,	after	90	days	from	the	resignation	or	removal	of	the	Paying	Agent,	no	successor	to	such
Paying	Agent	shall	have	been	so	appointed,	or	if	so	appointed,	shall	not	have	accepted	appointment	as	hereinafter
provided,	any	Lender	or	Group	Agent,	or	such	Paying	Agent	(at	the	expense	of	the	Borrower)	may	petition	any	court	of
competent	jurisdiction	for	the	appointment	of	a	successor	to	such	Paying	Agent.
(iii)
Any	corporation	or	bank	into	which	the	Paying	Agent	may	be	merged	or	converted,	or	with	which
the	Paying	Agent	may	be	consolidated,	or	any	corporation	or	bank	resulting	from	any	merger,	conversion	or	consolidation
to	which	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	a	party,	or	any	corporation	or	bank	to	which	the	Paying	Agent	shall	sell	or	otherwise
transfer	all	or	substantially	all	of	its	assets	and	business,	or	any	corporation	or	bank
-83-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
succeeding	to	the	corporate	trust	business	of	the	Paying	Agent	shall	be	the	successor	to	the	Paying	Agent	hereunder,
without	the	execution	or	filing	of	any	document	or	any	further	act	on	the	part	of	the	parties	hereto.
(iv)
Any	successor	Paying	Agent	hereunder,	if	other	than	the	Borrower,	shall	be	a	bank	or	trust
company	organized	and	doing	business	under	the	laws	of	the	United	States	of	America	or	of	the	State	of	New	York,	in	good
standing,	authorized	under	such	laws	to	exercise	corporate	trust	powers	and	having	a	combined	capital	and	surplus	in
excess	of	US	$250,000,000,	and	in	either	case	shall	also	be	the	TFL	Paying	Agent.		
(c)
Successor	Requirements	and	Responsibilities
.
(i)
The	Borrower	and	any	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent	that	resigns	or	is	terminated	pursuant
to	
clause	(a)
	or	clause	(b)	above	shall	cooperate	with	the	applicable	successor	Administrative	Agent	or	successor	Paying
Agent,	as	applicable,	and	shall	use	commercially	reasonable	efforts,	in	each	case,	to	facilitate	the	appointment	of	such
successor	as	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	hereunder	(including	by	entering	into	such	amendments	to	the
Control	Agreements	and	other	Transaction	Documents	and	authorizing	the	filing	of	amendments	to	financing	statements,	in
each	case,	as	are	reasonably	requested	by	the	successor	Administrative	Agent	or	the	successor	Paying	Agent	to	reflect	such
succession).
(ii)
Upon	such	acceptance	of	its	appointment	as	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent	hereunder	by	a
successor	Administrative	Agent	or	successor	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable,	such	successor	Administrative	Agent	or	successor
Paying	Agent	shall	succeed	to	and	become	vested	with	all	the	rights	and	duties	of	the	resigning	or	terminated
Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable,	and	the	resigning	or	terminated	Administrative	Agent	or	resigning	or
termination	Paying	Agent	shall	be	discharged	from	its	duties	and	obligations	under	the	Transaction	Documents.		After	the
resignation	or	termination	of	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	under	this	Section	9.11,	the	provisions	of	
Article
XI
	and	this	
Article	IX
	shall	(i)	inure	to	its	benefit	as	to	any	actions	taken	or	omitted	to	be	taken	by	it	while	it	was	either	the
Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	respectively	and	(ii)	survive	with	respect	to	any	indemnification	claim	it	may
have	relating	to	this	Agreement,	notwithstanding	such	resignation	or	removal	or	termination	of	this	Agreement.
ARTICLE	X
THE	GROUP	AGENTS
SECTION	10.01
		
Authorization	and	Action
.		Each	Lender	that	belongs	to	a	Group	hereby	appoints	and
authorizes	the	Group	Agent	for	such	Group	to	take	such	action	as	agent	on	its	behalf	and	to	exercise	such	powers	under
this	Agreement	as	are	delegated	to	such	Group	Agent	by	the	terms	hereof,	together	with	such	powers	as	are	reasonably
incidental	thereto.		No	Group	Agent	shall	have	any	duties	other	than	those	expressly	set	forth	in	the	Transaction
Documents,	and	no	implied	obligations	or	liabilities	shall	be	read	into	any	Transaction	Document,	or	otherwise	exist,
against	any	Group	Agent.		No	Group	Agent	assumes,	nor	shall	it	be	deemed	to	have	assumed,	any	obligation	to,	or
relationship	of	trust	or	agency	with	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	TBM,	any	Tesla	Party	or	any	Lender	except	for	any	obligations
expressly	set	forth	herein.		Notwithstanding	any	provision	of	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document,	in	no
event	shall	any	Group	Agent	ever	be	required	to	take	any	action	which	exposes	such	Group	Agent	to	personal	liability	or
which	is	contrary	to	any	provision	of	any	Transaction	Document	or	applicable	law.
-84-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
SECTION	10.02
		
Group	Agent’s	Reliance,	Etc
.		No	Group	Agent	nor	any	of	its	directors,	officers,	agents	or
employees	shall	be	liable	for	any	action	taken	or	omitted	to	be	taken	by	it	or	them	as	a	Group	Agent	under	or	in	connection
with	this	Agreement	or	the	other	Transaction	Documents	in	the	absence	of	its	or	their	own	gross	negligence	or	willful
misconduct.		Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing,	a	Group	Agent:	(a)	may	consult	with	legal	counsel	(including
counsel	for	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer),	independent	certified	public	accountants	and	other
experts	selected	by	it	and	shall	not	be	liable	for	any	action	taken	or	omitted	to	be	taken	in	good	faith	by	it	in	accordance
with	the	advice	of	such	counsel,	accountants	or	experts;	(b)	makes	no	warranty	or	representation	to	any	Lender	(whether
written	or	oral)	and	shall	not	be	responsible	to	any	Lender	for	any	statements,	warranties	or	representations	(whether
written	or	oral)	made	by	any	other	party	in	or	in	connection	with	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document;	(c)
shall	not	have	any	duty	to	ascertain	or	to	inquire	as	to	the	performance	or	observance	of	any	of	the	terms,	covenants	or
conditions	of	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document	on	the	part	of	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	
TBM
,	
any	Tesla	Party	or
any	other	Person	or	to	inspect	the	property	(including	the	books	and	records)	of	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL
,	
TBM
	or	any	Tesla	Party;
(d)	shall	not	be	responsible	to	any	Committed	Lender	for	the	due	execution,	legality,	validity,	enforceability,	genuineness,
sufficiency	or	value	of	this	Agreement,	any	other	Transaction	Documents	or	any	other	instrument	or	document	furnished
pursuant	hereto;	and	(e)	shall	be	entitled	to	rely,	and	shall	be	fully	protected	in	so	relying,	upon	any	notice	(including	notice
by	telephone),	consent,	certificate	or	other	instrument	or	writing	(which	may	be	by	telecopier	or	telex)	believed	by	it	to	be
genuine	and	signed	or	sent	by	the	proper	party	or	parties.
SECTION	10.03
		
Group	Agent	and	Affiliates
.		With	respect	to	any	Loan	or	interests	therein	owned	by	any
Lender	that	is	also	a	Group	Agent,	such	Lender	shall	have	the	same	rights	and	powers	under	this	Agreement	as	any	other
Lender	and	may	exercise	the	same	as	though	it	were	not	a	Group	Agent.		A	Group	Agent	and	any	of	its	Affiliates	may
generally	engage	in	any	kind	of	business	with	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	TBM,	any	Tesla	Party,	any	of	their	respective	Affiliates	and
any	Person	who	may	do	business	with	or	own	securities	of	Tesla,	Inc.,	TFL,	TBM,	any	Tesla	Party	or	any	of	their	respective
Affiliates,	all	as	if	such	Group	Agent	were	not	a	Group	Agent	hereunder	and	without	any	duty	to	account	therefor	to	any
other	Secured	Party.
SECTION	10.04
		
Indemnification	of	Group	Agents
.		Each	Committed	Lender	in	any	Group	agrees	to
indemnify	the	Group	Agent	for	such	Group	(to	the	extent	not	reimbursed	by	the	Tesla	Parties),	ratably	according	to	the
proportion	of	the	Percentage	of	such	Committed	Lender	to	the	aggregate	Percentages	of	all	Committed	Lenders	in	such
Group,	from	and	against	any	and	all	liabilities,	obligations,	losses,	damages,	penalties,	actions,	judgments,	suits,	costs,
expenses	or	disbursements	of	any	kind	or	nature	whatsoever	which	may	be	imposed	on,	incurred	by,	or	asserted	against
such	Group	Agent	in	any	way	relating	to	or	arising	out	of	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document	or	any	action
taken	or	omitted	by	such	Group	Agent	under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document;	
provided
	that	no
Committed	Lender	shall	be	liable	for	any	portion	of	such	liabilities,	obligations,	losses,	damages,	penalties,	actions,
judgments,	suits,	costs,	expenses	or	disbursements	resulting	from	such	Group	Agent’s	gross	negligence	or	willful
misconduct.
SECTION	10.05
		
Delegation	of	Duties
.		Each	Group	Agent	may	execute	any	of	its	duties	through	agents	or
attorneys-in-fact	and	shall	be	entitled	to	advice	of	counsel	concerning	all	matters	pertaining	to	such	duties.		No	Group
Agent	shall	be	responsible	for	the	negligence	or	misconduct	of	any	agents	or	attorneys-in-fact	selected	by	it	with
reasonable	care.
SECTION	10.06
		
Action	or	Inaction	by	Group	Agent
.		Each	Group	Agent	shall	in	all	cases	be	fully	justified
in	failing	or	refusing	to	take	action	under	any	Transaction	Document	unless	it	shall	first	receive	such
-85-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
advice	or	concurrence	of	the	Conduit	Lenders	and	Committed	Lenders	in	its	Group	and	assurance	of	its	indemnification	by
the	Committed	Lenders	in	its	Group,	as	it	deems	appropriate.		Each	Group	Agent	shall	in	all	cases	be	fully	protected	in
acting,	or	in	refraining	from	acting,	under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document	in	accordance	with	a	request
or	at	the	direction	of	the	Committed	Lenders	in	its	Group	representing	a	majority	of	the	Commitments	in	such	Group,	and
such	request	or	direction	and	any	action	taken	or	failure	to	act	pursuant	thereto	shall	be	binding	upon	all	Conduit	Lenders
and	Committed	Lenders	in	its	Group.
SECTION	10.07
		
Notice	of	Events	of	Default
.		No	Group	Agent	shall	be	deemed	to	have	knowledge	or
notice	of	the	occurrence	of	any	Servicer	Default,	Default	or	Event	of	Default	unless	such	Group	Agent	has	received	notice
from	the	Administrative	Agent,	any	other	Group	Agent,	any	Lender,	the	Servicer	or	the	Borrower	stating	that	a	Servicer
Default,	Default	or	Event	of	Default	has	occurred	hereunder	and	describing	such	Servicer	Default,	Default	or	Event	of
Default.		If	a	Group	Agent	receives	such	a	notice,	it	shall	promptly	give	notice	thereof	to	the	Lenders	in	its	Group	and	to	the
Administrative	Agent	(but	only	if	such	notice	received	by	such	Group	Agent	was	not	sent	by	the	Administrative	Agent).		A
Group	Agent	may	take	such	action	concerning	a	Servicer	Default,	Default	or	Event	of	Default	as	may	be	directed	by
Committed	Lenders	in	its	Group	representing	a	majority	of	the	Commitments	in	such	Group	(subject	to	the	other	provisions
of	this	
Article	X
),	but	until	such	Group	Agent	receives	such	directions,	such	Group	Agent	may	(but	shall	not	be	obligated	to)
take	such	action,	or	refrain	from	taking	such	action,	as	such	Group	Agent	deems	advisable	and	in	the	best	interests	of	the
Conduit	Lenders	and	Committed	Lenders	in	its	Group.
SECTION	10.08
		
Non-Reliance	on	Group	Agent	and	Other	Parties
.		Except	to	the	extent	otherwise	agreed
to	in	writing	between	a	Lender	and	its	Group	Agent,	each	Lender	expressly	acknowledges	that	neither	the	Group	Agent	for
its	Group	nor	any	of	such	Group	Agent’s	directors,	officers,	agents	or	employees	has	made	any	representations	or
warranties	to	it	and	that	no	act	by	such	Group	Agent	hereafter	taken,	including	any	review	of	the	affairs	of	the	Tesla
Parties,	shall	be	deemed	to	constitute	any	representation	or	warranty	by	such	Group	Agent.		Each	Lender	represents	and
warrants	to	the	Group	Agent	for	its	Group	that,	independently	and	without	reliance	upon	such	Group	Agent,	any	other
Group	Agent,	the	Administrative	Agent	or	any	other	Lender	and	based	on	such	documents	and	information	as	it	has
deemed	appropriate,	it	has	made	and	will	continue	to	make	its	own	appraisal	of	and	investigation	into	the	business,
operations,	property,	prospects,	financial	and	other	conditions	and	creditworthiness	of	the	Tesla	Parties	and	the	Warehouse
SUBI	Assets	and	its	own	decision	to	enter	into	this	Agreement	and	to	take,	or	omit,	action	under	any	Transaction
Document.		Except	for	items	expressly	required	to	be	delivered	under	any	Transaction	Document	by	a	Group	Agent	to	any
Lender	in	its	Group,	no	Group	Agent	shall	have	any	duty	or	responsibility	to	provide	any	Lender	in	its	Group	with	any
information	concerning	the	Tesla	Parties	or	any	of	their	Affiliates	that	comes	into	the	possession	of	such	Group	Agent	or
any	of	its	directors,	officers,	agents,	employees,	attorneys-in-fact	or	Affiliates.
SECTION	10.09
		
Successor	Group	Agent
.		Any	Group	Agent	may,	upon	at	least	thirty	(30)	days’	notice	to
the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer	and	the	Lenders	in	its	Group,	resign	as	Group	Agent	for	its
Group.		Such	resignation	shall	not	become	effective	until	a	successor	Group	Agent	is	appointed	in	the	manner	prescribed
by	the	relevant	Liquidity	Agreement	(if	any)	or,	in	the	absence	of	any	provisions	in	such	Liquidity	Agreement	providing	for
the	appointment	of	a	successor	Group	Agent,	until	a	successor	Group	Agent	is	appointed	by	the	Conduit	Lender(s)	in	such
Group	(with	the	consent	of	Committed	Lenders	representing	a	majority	of	the	Commitments	in	such	Group)	and	such
successor	Group	Agent	has	accepted	such	appointment.		If	no	successor	Group	Agent	shall	have	been	so	appointed	within
thirty	(30)	days	after	the	departing	Group	Agent’s	giving	of	notice	of	resignation,	then	the	departing	Group	Agent	may,	on
behalf	of	the	Lenders	in	its	Group,	appoint	a	successor	Group	Agent	for	such	Group,	which	successor	Group	Agent	shall
have	short-term
-86-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
debt	ratings	of	at	least	“A-1”	from	S&P	and	“P-1”	from	Moody’s	and	shall	be	either	a	commercial	bank	having	a	combined
capital	and	surplus	of	at	least	$250,000,000	or	an	Affiliate	of	such	an	institution.		Upon	such	acceptance	of	its	appointment
as	Group	Agent	for	such	Group	hereunder	by	a	successor	Group	Agent,	such	successor	Group	Agent	shall	succeed	to	and
become	vested	with	all	the	rights	and	duties	of	the	resigning	Group	Agent,	and	the	resigning	Group	Agent	shall	be
discharged	from	its	duties	and	obligations	under	the	Transaction	Documents.		After	any	resigning	Group	Agent’s
resignation	hereunder,	the	provisions	of	
Article	XI
	and	this	
Article	X
	shall	inure	to	its	benefit	as	to	any	actions	taken	or
omitted	to	be	taken	by	it	while	it	was	a	Group	Agent.
	Each	Group	Agent	shall	also	act	in	the	same	role	as	a	group	agent
under	the	TFL	Warehouse	Agreement.
SECTION	10.10
		
Reliance	on	Group	Agent
.		Unless	otherwise	advised	in	writing	by	a	Group	Agent	or	by
any	Lender	in	such	Group	Agent’s	Group,	each	party	to	this	Agreement	may	assume	that	(i)	such	Group	Agent	is	acting	for
the	benefit	and	on	behalf	of	each	of	the	Lenders	in	its	Group,	as	well	as	for	the	benefit	of	each	assignee	or	other	transferee
from	any	such	Person,	and	(ii)	each	action	taken	by	such	Group	Agent	has	been	duly	authorized	and	approved	by	all
necessary	action	on	the	part	of	the	Lenders	in	its	Group.
ARTICLE	XI
INDEMNIFICATION
SECTION	11.01
		
Indemnification
.		(a)	Without	limiting	any	other	rights	that	any	Lender	Party	may	have
hereunder	or	under	applicable	law,	the	Borrower	hereby	agrees	to	indemnify	each	Indemnified	Party	from	and	against	any
and	all	damages,	losses,	claims,	liabilities,	documented	and	reasonable	costs	and	expenses	(other	than	any	damages,	losses,
claims,	liabilities,	costs	and	expenses	in	respect	of	taxes,	which	shall	be	governed	by	
Section	11.02
),	including	reasonable
attorneys’	fees	and	disbursements	(all	of	the	foregoing	being	collectively	referred	to	as	“
Indemnified	Amounts
”)	awarded
against	or	incurred	by	any	of	them	arising	out	of	or	as	a	result	of	this	Agreement,	the	other	Transaction	Documents	or	the
ownership	of	the	Loans,	or	their	respective	interests	in	the	Collateral,	excluding,	however,	Indemnified	Amounts	to	the
extent	resulting	from	the	fraud,	bad	faith,	gross	negligence	or	willful	misconduct	on	the	part	of	the	applicable	Indemnified
Party.		Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing,	the	Borrower	shall	indemnify	each	Indemnified	Party	for
Indemnified	Amounts	relating	to	or	resulting	from:
(i)
reliance	on	any	representation	or	warranty	made	by	the	Borrower	(or	any	officers	of	the	Borrower)
under	or	in	connection	with	this	Agreement,	any	other	Transaction	Document	or	any	other	information	or	report	delivered
by	the	Borrower	pursuant	hereto,	which	shall	have	been	false	or	incorrect	in	any	material	respect	when	made	or	deemed
made;		
(ii)
the	failure	by	the	Borrower	to	comply	in	all	material	respects	with	any	applicable	law,	rule	or
regulation	with	respect	to	any	Lease	or	any	portion	thereof,	or	the	nonconformity	of	any	Lease,	or	any	portion	thereof,	with
any	such	applicable	law,	rule	or	regulation;
(iii)
the	failure	to	vest	and	maintain	vested	in	the	Administrative	Agent,	a	first	priority	perfected
security	interest	in	the	Collateral	free	and	clear	of	any	Adverse	Claim;
(iv)
the	failure	to	file,	or	delay	in	filing,	financing	statements	or	other	similar	instruments	or
documents	under	the	Relevant	UCC	or	other	applicable	laws	with	respect	to	any	portion	of	the	Collateral	or	the	Warehouse
SUBI	Leases;
-87-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(v)
any	dispute,	claim,	offset	or	defense	of	a	Lessee	(other	than	discharge	in	bankruptcy	of	a	Lessee
or	arising	from	the	financial	inability	of	a	Lessee	to	pay)	to	the	payment	of	any	Lease	(including	a	defense	based	on	the
related	Lease	not	being	a	legal,	valid	and	binding	obligation	of	such	Lessee	enforceable	against	it	in	accordance	with	its
terms),	or	any	other	claim	resulting	from	the	lease	of	a	Leased	Vehicle	or	furnishing	of	services	related	to	such	Leases	or
Leased	Vehicles,	or	the	failure	to	furnish	such	services;
(vi)
any	failure	of	the	Borrower	to	perform	its	respective	duties	or	obligations	in	accordance	with	the
provisions	of	this	Agreement	or	the	other	Transaction	Documents;
(vii)
any	products	liability	claim	or	personal	injury	or	property	damage	suit	arising	out	of	or	in
connection	with	Leased	Vehicles	or	services	that	are	the	subject	of	any	Leases	or	Leased	Vehicles;
(viii)
the	commingling	of	Collections;	or
(ix)
any	litigation,	proceeding	or	investigation	(a)	before	any	Governmental	Authority	in	respect	of	any
Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	or	Warehouse	SUBI	Leased	Vehicle	(1)	that	is	not	commenced	by	such	Indemnified	Party	or	(2)	if
commenced	by	an	Indemnified	Party,	in	which	such	Indemnified	Party	is	the	prevailing	party;	or	(b)	relating	to	or	arising
from	the	Transaction	Documents,	the	transactions	contemplated	hereby	and	thereby,	the	use	of	proceeds	of	the	Loans	by
the	Borrower	or	any	other	investigation,	litigation	or	proceeding	relating	to	the	Borrower	in	which	any	Indemnified	Person
becomes	involved	as	a	result	of	any	of	the	transactions	contemplated	by	the	Transaction	Documents,	excluding,	however,	in
each	case,	Indemnified	Amounts	to	the	extent	resulting	from	the	fraud,	bad	faith,	gross	negligence	or	willful	misconduct	on
the	part	of	the	applicable	Indemnified	Party.
(b)
Promptly	upon	receipt	by	an	Indemnified	Party	under	this	
Section	11.01
	of	notice	of	the
commencement	of	any	suit,	action,	claim,	proceeding	or	governmental	investigation	against	such	Indemnified	Party,	such
Indemnified	Party	shall,	if	a	claim	in	respect	thereof	is	to	be	made	against	the	Borrower	under	this	Section,	promptly	notify
the	Borrower	in	writing	of	the	commencement.	Such	Indemnified	Party’s	failure	or	delay	to	so	promptly	notify	the	Borrower
shall	not	limit	the	obligations	of	the	Borrower	to	such	Indemnified	Party	in	respect	of	such	claim	except	to	the	extent	the
Borrower	is	actually	prejudiced	in	its	defense	of	such	claim	by	such	failure	or	delay.		The	Borrower	may	participate	in	and
assume	the	defense	of	any	such	suit,	action,	claim,	proceeding	or	investigation	at	its	expense,	and	no	settlement	thereof
shall	be	made	without	the	approval	of	the	Borrower	and	such	Indemnified	Party.		The	approval	of	the	Borrower	shall	not	be
unreasonably	withheld	or	delayed.		After	notice	from	the	Borrower	to	such	Indemnified	Party	of	its	intention	to	assume	the
defense	thereof	with	counsel	reasonably	satisfactory	to	such	Indemnified	Party,	and	so	long	as	the	Borrower	so	assumes
the	defense	thereof	in	a	manner	reasonably	satisfactory	to	such	Indemnified	Party,	the	Borrower	shall	not	be	liable	for	any
legal	expenses	of	counsel	for	such	Indemnified	Party	unless	there	shall	be	a	conflict	between	the	interests	of	the	Borrower
and	such	Indemnified	Party,	in	which	case	such	Indemnified	Party	shall	have	the	right	to	employ	counsel	to	represent	it	at
the	Borrower’s	expense.		If	the	Borrower	shall	have	made	any	indemnity	payments	pursuant	to	this	
Section	11.01
	and	such
Indemnified	Party	thereafter	collects	any	of	such	amounts	from	others,	such	Indemnified	Party	shall	promptly	repay	such
amounts	to	the	Borrower,	without	interest	(except	to	the	extent	interest	is	received	by	such	Indemnified	Party).
The	obligations	under	this	Section	shall	survive	the	termination	of	this	Agreement	and	the	resignation	or	removal
of	the	Administrative	Agent	or	Paying	Agent,	as	applicable.
-88-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
SECTION	11.02
		
Tax	Indemnification
.		
(a)
Any	and	all	payments	by	or	on	account	of	any	obligation	of	the	Borrower	hereunder	shall	be	made
without	deduction	or	withholding	for	any	Taxes,	except	as	required	by	applicable	law.		If	any	applicable	law	(as
determined	in	the	good	faith	discretion	of	an	applicable	Withholding	Agent)	requires	the	deduction	or	withholding
of	any	Tax	from	any	such	payment	by	a	Withholding	Agent,	then	the	applicable	Withholding	Agent	shall	be	entitled
to	make	such	deduction	or	withholding	and	shall	timely	pay	the	full	amount	deducted	or	withheld	to	the	relevant
Governmental	Authority	in	accordance	with	applicable	law	and,	if	such	Tax	is	an	Indemnified	Tax,	then	the	sum
payable	by	the	Borrower	shall	be	increased	as	necessary	so	that	after	such	deduction	or	withholding	has	been
made	(including	such	deductions	and	withholdings	applicable	to	additional	sums	payable	under	this	Section)	the
applicable	Recipient	receives	an	amount	equal	to	the	sum	it	would	have	received	had	no	such	deduction	or
withholding	been	made.
(b)
The	Borrower	shall	timely	pay	to	the	relevant	Governmental	Authority	in	accordance	with
applicable	law,	or	at	the	option	of	the	Administrative	Agent	timely	reimburse	it	for	the	payment	of,	any	Other
Taxes.
(c)
The	Borrower	shall	indemnify	each	Recipient	and	the	Paying	Agent,	within	10	days	after	demand
therefor,	for	the	full	amount	of	any	Indemnified	Taxes	(including	Indemnified	Taxes	imposed	or	asserted	on	or
attributable	to	amounts	payable	under	this	Section)	payable	or	paid	by	such	Recipient	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as
applicable,	or	required	to	be	withheld	or	deducted	from	a	payment	to	such	Recipient	or	the	Paying	Agent	and	any
reasonable	expenses	arising	therefrom	or	with	respect	thereto,	whether	or	not	such	Indemnified	Taxes	were
correctly	or	legally	imposed	or	asserted	by	the	relevant	Governmental	Authority.		A	certificate	as	to	the	amount	of
such	payment	or	liability	delivered	to	the	Borrower	by	a	Lender	(with	a	copy	to	the	Administrative	Agent),	or	by	the
Administrative	Agent	on	its	own	behalf	or	on	behalf	of	another	Lender	Party,	shall	be	conclusive	absent	manifest
error.
(d)
Each	Lender	shall	severally	indemnify	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent,	within	10
days	after	demand	therefor,	for	(i)	any	Indemnified	Taxes	attributable	to	such	Lender	(but	only	to	the	extent	that
the	Borrower	has	not	already	indemnified	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	for	such	Indemnified	Taxes
and	without	limiting	the	obligation	of	the	Borrower	to	do	so),	(ii)	any	Taxes	attributable	to	such	Lender’s	failure	to
comply	with	the	provisions	of	
Section	12.10(h)
	relating	to	the	maintenance	of	a	Participant	Register	and	(iii)	any
Excluded	Taxes	attributable	to	such	Lender,	in	each	case,	that	are	payable	or	paid	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or
the	Paying	Agent	in	connection	with	this	Agreement,	and	any	reasonable	expenses	arising	therefrom	or	with
respect	thereto,	whether	or	not	such	Taxes	were	correctly	or	legally	imposed	or	asserted	by	the	relevant
Governmental	Authority.		A	certificate	as	to	the	amount	of	such	payment	or	liability	delivered	to	any	Lender	by	the
Administrative	Agent	shall	be	conclusive	absent	manifest	error.		Each	Lender	hereby	authorizes	the	Administrative
Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent	to	set	off	and	apply	any	and	all	amounts	at	any	time	owing	to	such	Lender	under	this
Agreement	or	otherwise	payable	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	to	the	Lender	from	any	other
source	against	any	amount	due	to	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent	under	this	paragraph	(d).
-89-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(e)
As	soon	as	practicable	after	any	payment	of	Taxes	by	the	Borrower	to	a	Governmental	Authority
pursuant	to	this	
Section	11.02
,	the	Borrower	shall	deliver	to	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent,	as
applicable,	the	original	or	a	certified	copy	of	a	receipt	issued	by	such	Governmental	Authority	evidencing	such
payment,	a	copy	of	the	return	reporting	such	payment	or	other	evidence	of	such	payment	reasonably	satisfactory	to
the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent.
(f)	(i)	Any	Lender	that	is	entitled	to	an	exemption	from	or	reduction	of	withholding	tax	with	respect	to
payments	made	hereunder	shall	deliver	to	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative
Agent,	at	the	time	or	times	reasonably	requested	by	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the
Administrative	Agent,	such	properly	completed	and	executed	documentation	reasonably	requested	by	the	Servicer,
the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	as	will	permit	such	payments	to	be	made	without
withholding	or	at	a	reduced	rate	of	withholding.		In	addition,	any	Lender,	if	reasonably	requested	by	the	Servicer,
the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent,	shall	deliver	such	documentation	prescribed	by
applicable	law	or	reasonably	requested	by	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	as	will
enable	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	to	determine	whether	or	not	such
Lender	is	subject	to	backup	withholding	or	information	reporting	requirements.		Notwithstanding	anything	to	the
contrary	in	the	preceding	two	sentences,	the	completion,	execution	and	submission	of	such	documentation	(other
than	such	documentation	set	forth	in	
Section	11.02(f)(ii)(A)
,	
(ii)(B)
,	and	
(ii)(D)
	below)	shall	not	be	required	if	in	the
Lender’s	reasonable	judgment	such	completion,	execution	or	submission	would	subject	such	Lender	to	any	material
unreimbursed	cost	or	expense	or	would	materially	prejudice	the	legal	or	commercial	position	of	such	Lender.
(ii)
Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing:
(A)
any	Lender	that	is	a	U.S.	Person	shall	deliver	to	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,	the	Paying
Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	on	or	prior	to	the	date	on	which	such	Lender	becomes	a	Lender	under
this	Agreement	(and	from	time	to	time	thereafter	upon	the	reasonable	request	of	the	Servicer,	the
Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent),	executed	originals	of	IRS	Form	W-9	certifying
that	such	Lender	is	exempt	from	U.S.	federal	backup	withholding	tax.		
(B)
Any	Foreign	Lender	shall,	to	the	extent	it	is	legally	entitled	to	do	so,	deliver	to	the
Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	(in	such	number	of	copies	as	shall	be	requested
by	the	recipient)	on	or	prior	to	the	date	on	which	such	Foreign	Lender	becomes	a	Lender	under	this
Agreement	(and	from	time	to	time	thereafter	upon	the	reasonable	request	of	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower,
the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent),	whichever	of	the	following	is	applicable:
(1)
in	the	case	of	a	Foreign	Lender	claiming	the	benefits	of	an	income	tax
treaty	to	which	the	United	States	is	a	party	(x)	with	respect	to	payments	of	interest	hereunder,
executed	originals	of	IRS	Form	W-8BEN-E	establishing	an	exemption	from,	or	reduction	of,	U.S.
federal	withholding	Tax	pursuant	to	the	“interest”	article	of	such	tax	treaty	and	(y)	with	respect	to
any	other	applicable	payments	hereunder,	IRS	Form	W-8BEN-E	establishing	an	exemption	from,	or
reduction	of,	U.S.	federal	withholding	Tax	pursuant	to	the	“business	profits”	or	“other	income”
article	of	such	tax	treaty;
-90-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(2)
executed	originals	of	IRS	Form	W-8ECI;	or
(3)
in	the	case	of	a	Foreign	Lender	claiming	the	benefits	of	the	exemption	for
portfolio	interest	under	Section	881(c)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	(x)	a	certificate	substantially
to	the	effect	that	such	Foreign	Lender	is	not	a	“bank”	within	the	meaning	of	Section	881(c)(3)(A)
of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	a	“10	percent	shareholder”	of	the	Borrower	within	the	meaning	of
Section	881(c)(3)(B)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code,	or	a	controlled	foreign	corporation”	described
in	Section	881(c)(3)(C)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code	and	(y)	executed	originals	of	IRS	Form	W-
8BEN-E.
(C)
Any	Foreign	Lender	shall,	to	the	extent	it	is	legally	entitled	to	do	so,	deliver	to	the
Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative	Agent	(in	such	number	of	copies	as	shall	be	requested
by	the	recipient)	on	or	prior	to	the	date	on	which	such	Foreign	Lender	becomes	a	Lender	under	this
Agreement	(and	from	time	to	time	thereafter	upon	the	reasonable	request	of	the	Borrower,	the	Paying
Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent),	executed	originals	of	any	other	form	prescribed	by	applicable	law	as	a
basis	for	claiming	exemption	from	or	a	reduction	in	U.S.	federal	withholding	tax,	duly	completed,	together
with	such	supplementary	documentation	as	may	be	prescribed	by	applicable	law	to	permit	the	Borrower,
the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	to	determine	the	withholding	or	deduction	required	to	be
made.
(D)
If	a	payment	made	to	a	Recipient	under	any	Loan	Document	would	be	subject	to	U.S.
federal	withholding	tax	imposed	by	FATCA	if	such	Recipient	were	to	fail	to	comply	with	the	applicable
reporting	requirements	of	FATCA	(including	those	contained	in	Section	1471(b)	or	1472(b)	of	the	Internal
Revenue	Code,	as	applicable),	such	Recipient	shall	deliver	to	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the
Administrative	Agent	at	the	time	or	times	prescribed	by	law	and	at	such	time	or	times	reasonably
requested	by	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	such	documentation	prescribed
by	applicable	law	(including	as	prescribed	by	Section	1471(b)(3)(C)(i)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code)	and
such	additional	documentation	reasonably	requested	by	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	or	the
Administrative	Agent	as	may	be	necessary	for	the	Borrower,	the	Paying	Agent	and	the	Administrative
Agent	to	comply	with	their	obligations	under	FATCA	and	to	determine	that	such	Recipient	has	complied
with	such	Recipient’s	obligations	under	FATCA	or	to	determine	the	amount	to	deduct	and	withhold	from
such	payment.		Solely	for	purposes	of	this	clause	(D),	“FATCA”	shall	include	any	amendments	made	to
FATCA	after	the	date	of	this	Agreement.		
Any	Administrative	Agent	or	Group	Agent	that	is	a	U.S.	Person	shall	deliver	to	the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer
executed	originals	of	IRS	Form	W-9	certifying	that	such	Person	is	exempt	from	U.S.	federal	backup	withholding	tax	(in	each
case,	if	such	form	was	not	provided	pursuant	to	
Section	11.02(f)(ii)(A)
	above).		Any	Administrative	Agent	or	Group	Agent
that	is	not	a	U.S.	Person	shall	deliver	to	the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer	(and	in	the	case	of	a	Group	Agent,	to	the
Administrative	Agent)	two	duly	completed	executed	originals	of	Form	W-8IMY	certifying	that	it	is	a	“U.S.	branch”	and	that
the	payments	it	receives	for	the	account	of	others	hereunder	are	not	effectively	connected	with	the	conduct	of	its	trade	or
business	in	the	United	States	and	that	such	Form	W-8IMY	evidences	its	agreement	with	the	Borrower	to	be	treated	as	a
“United	States	person”	with	respect	to	such	payments	(in	each	case,	pursuant	to	Treasury	Regulation	section	1.1441-1T(b)
(2)(iv)).
-91-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Each	Recipient	agrees	that	if	any	form	or	certification	it	previously	delivered	expires	or	becomes	obsolete	or
inaccurate	in	any	respect,	it	shall	update	such	form	or	certification	or	promptly	notify	the	Borrower	and	the	Administrative
Agent	in	writing	of	its	legal	inability	to	do	so.
		
SECTION	11.03
		
Additional	Costs
.		
(a)
The	Borrower	shall	pay	to	each	Indemnified	Party	from	time	to	time	as	specified	in	Section	11.04,
such	amounts	reasonably	necessary	to	compensate	it	for	any	increase	in	costs	which	are	attributable	to	its	funding	a	Loan
or	being	committed	to	fund	the	same	under	this	Agreement,	or	any	reduction	in	any	amount	receivable	by	such	Indemnified
Party	hereunder,	under	a	Loan	in	respect	of	any	such	purchase	or	funding	obligation	(such	increases	in	costs,	payments
and	reductions	in	amounts	receivable	being	herein	called	“Additional	Costs”)	resulting	from	any	Regulatory	Requirement
and	which	(i)	imposes	any	tax	on,	or	changes	the	method	or	basis	of	taxation	of,	any	amounts	payable	to	such	Lender	under
this	Agreement	in	respect	of	any	such	purchase	or	funding	(in	each	case)	excluding	(x)	Taxes	described	in	clauses	(b)
through	(d)	of	the	definition	of	Excluded	Taxes,	(y)	Connection	Income	Taxes,	and	(z)	Indemnified	Taxes,	(ii)	imposes	or
modifies	any	reserve,	special	deposit,	deposit	insurance	or	assessment,	capital	or	similar	requirements	relating	to	any
extensions	of	credit	or	other	assets	of,	or	any	deposits	with	or	credit	extended	by	such	Indemnified	Party	or	(iii)	imposes
any	other	condition	affecting	this	Agreement	(or	any	of	such	extensions	of	credit	or	liabilities);	provided	that	the	Borrower
shall	not	be	required	to	compensate	an	Indemnified	Party	pursuant	to	this	Section	11.
0
3
	for	any	increased	costs	incurred	or
reductions	suffered	more	than	twelve	(12)	months	prior	to	the	date	that	such	Indemnified	Party	notifies	the	Borrower	of	the
Regulatory	Requirement	giving	rise	to	such	increased	costs	or	reductions,	and	of	such	Indemnified	Party’s	intention	to
claim	compensation	therefor	(except	that,	if	the	Regulatory	Requirement	giving	rise	to	such	increased	costs	or	reductions	is
retroactive,	then	the	twelve-month	period	referred	to	above	shall	be	extended	to	include	the	period	of	retroactive	effect
thereof).	Each	of	the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer	acknowledges	that	any	Indemnified	Party	may	implement,	as	an	internal
institutional	matter,	measures	in	anticipation	of	a	final	or	proposed	Regulatory	Requirement	(including,	without	limitation,
the	imposition	of	internal	charges	on	such	Indemnified	Party’s	interest	or	obligations	under	this	Agreement)	and	may
commence	recognizing	the	incurrence	of	charges	by	and	seeking	compensation	under	this	
Section	11.03(a)
	in	connection
with	such	measures,	in	advance	of	the	effective	date	of	such	final	or	proposed	Regulatory	Requirement,	and	each	of	the
Borrower	and	the	Servicer	agrees	that	such	charges	or	compensation	shall	be	payable,	but	only	to	the	extent	funds	are
then	or	thereafter	become	available	therefor	pursuant	to	Section	2.04(c)	of	this	Agreement	following	demand	therefor
without	regard	to	whether	such	proposed	Regulatory	Requirement	has	been	adopted	or	whether	such	effective	date	has
occurred.
(b)
If	any	Indemnified	Party	has	or	anticipates	having	any	claim	for	Additional	Costs	from	the
Borrower	pursuant	to	
Section	11.03(a),
	and	such	Indemnified	Party	believes	that	having	the	facility	evidenced	by	this
Agreement	publicly	rated	by	a	credit	rating	agency	would	reduce	the	amount	of	such	Additional	Costs	(such	amount
“
Reduction	Amount
”)	by	an	amount	deemed	by	such	Indemnified	Party	to	be	material,	such	Indemnified	Party	shall	provide
written	notice	to	the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer	(a	“
Ratings	Request
”)	that	such	Indemnified	Party	intends	to	request	public
ratings	of	the	facility	from	a	credit	rating	agency	selected	by	such	Indemnified	Party	and	reasonably	acceptable	to	the
Servicer	(the	“
Facility	Rating
”).		The	Borrower	and	TFL	agree	that	they	shall	cooperate	with	such	Indemnified	Party’s
efforts	to	obtain	a	Facility	Rating	within	60	days	of	such	request,	and	shall	provide	the	applicable	credit	rating	agency
(either	directly	or	through	distribution	to	the	Administrative	Agent	or	such	Indemnified	Party),	any	information	requested
by	such	credit	rating	agency	for	purposes	of	providing	and	monitoring	the	Facility	Rating.		The	Indemnified	Party
requesting	the	ratings	shall	pay	the	initial	fees	payable	to	the	credit	rating	agency	for	providing	the	rating	and	all	ongoing
fees	payable	to	the	credit	rating
-92-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
agency	to	the	extent	not	paid	by	the	Borrower.	The	Borrower	shall	pay	such	ongoing	fees	payable	to	the	credit	rating
agency	for	its	continued	monitoring	of	the	rating	up	to	the	Reduction	Amount.		Nothing	in	this	
Section	11.03(b)
	shall
preclude	any	Indemnified	Party	from	demanding	compensation	from	the	Borrower	pursuant	to	
Section	11.03(a)
	at	any	time
and	without	regard	to	whether	a	Facility	Rating	shall	have	been	obtained,	or	shall	require	any	Indemnified	Party	to	obtain
any	ratings	on	the	facility	prior	to	demanding	any	such	compensation	from	the	Borrower.		Any	Facility	Rating	obtained
pursuant	to	this	
Section	11.03(b)
	is	exclusively	for	purposes	of	
Section	11.03
	and	shall	not	amend	or	modify	any	other	term
or	provision	of	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document.
SECTION	11.04
		
Procedures	for	Indemnification;	Etc
.
(a)
Each	Indemnified	Party	agrees	to	promptly	notify	the	Borrower	of	(i)	any	event	of	which	it	has
knowledge	which	will	entitle	such	Person	to	compensation	or	indemnification	from	the	Borrower,	and	(ii)	any	potential	tax
assessment	of	which	it	has	knowledge	by	any	tax	authority	for	which	the	Borrower	may	be	liable	pursuant	to
Section	11.02(c)
	or	
11.03
.	Such	Indemnified	Party’s	failure	or	delay	to	so	promptly	notify	the	Borrower	shall	not	limit	the
obligations	of	the	Borrower	to	such	Indemnified	Party	in	respect	of	such	claim	except	to	the	extent	the	Borrower	is	actually
materially	prejudiced	in	its	defense	of	such	claim	by	such	failure	or	delay.		Any	such	notice	claiming	compensation	or
indemnification	hereunder	shall,	if	applicable,	set	forth	in	reasonable	detail	and	in	good	faith	the	amount	or	amounts	to	be
paid	to	such	Indemnified	Party	hereunder	and	shall	be	conclusive	in	the	absence	of	manifest	error.		In	determining	such
amount,	such	Indemnified	Party	may	use	any	reasonable	averaging	and	attribution	methods.		The	Borrower	shall	pay	each
claim	for	compensation	for	which	it	is	liable	under	
Section	11.02(c)
	or	
11.03
	on	the	first	Payment	Date	which	is	at	least	ten
(10)	days	after	notice	of	such	claim	is	given	to	the	Borrower.
(b)
Each	Indemnified	Party	agrees	that	it	will	use	reasonable	efforts	to	mitigate,	reduce	or	eliminate
any	claim	for	indemnity	pursuant	to	
Section	11.02
	or	
11.03
	including,	subject	to	applicable	law,	a	change	in	the	funding
office	of	such	Indemnified	Party;	
provided
,	
however
,	that	nothing	contained	herein	shall	obligate	such	Indemnified	Party	to
take	any	action	that	imposes	on	such	Indemnified	Party	any	material	additional	costs	or	any	legal	or	regulatory	burdens,
nor	which,	in	such	Indemnified	Party’s	sole	discretion,	would	have	an	adverse	effect	on	its	business,	operations	or	financial
condition.
(c)
If	any	Indemnified	Party	determines,	in	its	sole	discretion	exercised	in	good	faith,	that	it	has
received	a	refund	of	any	Taxes	as	to	which	it	has	been	indemnified	by	the	Borrower	or	with	respect	to	which	the	Borrower
has	paid	additional	amounts	pursuant	to	
Section	11.02
	or	
Section	11.03
,	it	shall	pay	to	the	Borrower	an	amount	equal	to
such	refund	(but	only	to	the	extent	of	indemnity	payments	made,	or	additional	amounts	paid,	by	the	Borrower	under
Section	11.02
	or	
Section	11.03
	with	respect	to	the	Taxes	giving	rise	to	such	refund),	net	of	all	reasonable	out-of-pocket
expenses	of	such	Indemnified	Party,	as	the	case	may	be,	and	without	interest	(other	than	any	interest	paid	by	the	relevant
Official	Body	with	respect	to	such	refund),	
provided
	that	the	Borrower,	upon	the	request	of	such	Indemnified	Party,	agrees
to	repay	the	amount	paid	over	to	the	Borrower	(plus	any	penalties,	interest	or	other	charges	imposed	by	the	relevant
Official	Body)	to	such	Indemnified	Party	in	the	event	such	Indemnified	Party	is	required	to	repay	such	refund	to	such
Official	Body.		Notwithstanding	anything	to	the	contrary	in	this	paragraph,	in	no	event	will	any	Indemnified	Party	be
required	to	pay	any	amount	to	the	Borrower	pursuant	to	this	paragraph	the	payment	of	which	would	place	such
Indemnified	Party	in	a	less	favorable	net	after-Tax	position	than	such	Indemnified	Party	would	have	been	in	if	the	Tax
subject	to	indemnification	and	giving	rise	to	such	refund	had	not	been	deducted,	withheld	or	otherwise	imposed	and	the
indemnification	payments	or	additional	amounts	with	respect	to	such	Tax	had	never	been	paid.		This	paragraph	shall	not	be
construed	to	require	any	Indemnified	Party	to	make	available	its	tax	returns	(or	any	other	information	relating	to	its	taxes
that	it	deems	confidential)	to	the	Borrower	or	any	other	Person.
-93-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
SECTION	11.05
		
Other	Costs	and	Expenses
.		
The	Borrower	shall	pay	on	the	first	Payment	Date	which	is	at
least	ten	(10)	Business	Days	after	demand	therefor,	all	actual	and	reasonable	documented	costs	and	expenses	of	(i)	the
Lender	Parties	and	the	Paying	Agent	in	connection	with	the	administration	or	amendment	of	this	Agreement,	the	other
Transaction	Documents	and	the	other	documents	to	be	delivered	hereunder,	including	reasonable	and	documented	fees
and	out-of-pocket	expenses	of	legal	counsel	for	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the	Paying	Agent,	and	the	actual	and
reasonable	documented	fees	and	expenses	incurred	by	any	Conduit	Lender	in	connection	with	the	transactions
contemplated	by	this	Agreement	in	obtaining	reaffirmation	by	any	Rating	Agency	of	its	rating	of	the	commercial	paper
notes	issued	by	such	Conduit	Lender	and	(ii)	the	Lender	Parties	and	the	Paying	Agent	in	connection	with	obtaining	advice
as	to	its	rights	and	remedies	under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document	or	in	connection	with	the
enforcement	hereof	or	thereof,	including	reasonable	and	documented	counsel	fees	and	expenses	of	each	such	Person	in
connection	therewith
.
ARTICLE	XII
MISCELLANEOUS
SECTION	12.01
		
Term	of	Agreement
.		This	Agreement	shall	terminate	following	the	Termination	Date	upon
the	earlier	to	occur	of	(i)	the	Payoff	Date	or	(ii)	the	date	on	which	all	Leases	have	been	collected	and	distributed	to	the
Administrative	Agent	or	written	off	by	the	Servicer	as	being	uncollectible	in	accordance	with	its	Credit	and	Collection
Policy;	
provided
,	
however
,	that	(i)	the	indemnification	and	payment	provisions	of	
Article	XI
	and	(ii)	the	agreements	set	forth
in	
Article	XII
	shall	be	continuing	and	shall	survive	any	termination	of	this	Agreement.		For	the	avoidance	of	doubt,	after
termination	of	this	Agreement,	the	Administrative	Agent	shall	cease	to	have	any	read	only	access	rights	under	the	eVault
Letter	Agreement.		The	provisions	of	Article	IX	shall	survive	the	termination	of	this	Agreement	and	the	resignation	or
removal	of	the	Administrative	Agent	or	the	Paying	Agent.
SECTION	12.02
		
Waivers;	Amendments
.		
(a)
No	failure	on	the	part	of	the	Group	Agents,	the	Conduit	Lenders,	the	Committed	Lenders,	the
Paying	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent	to	exercise,	and	no	delay	in	exercising,	any	right	hereunder	shall	operate	as	a
waiver	thereof;	nor	shall	any	single	or	partial	exercise	of	any	right	hereunder	preclude	any	other	or	further	exercise	thereof
or	the	exercise	of	any	other	right.		No	amendment	or	waiver	of	any	provision	of	this	Agreement	or	consent	to	any	departure
by	the	Borrower	or	TFL	therefrom	shall	be	effective	unless	in	a	writing	signed	by	the	Administrative	Agent	and	the
Required	Group	Agents	(and,	in	the	case	of	any	amendment,	also	signed	by	the	Borrower	and,	if	applicable,	TFL),	and	then
such	amendment,	waiver	or	consent	shall	be	effective	only	in	the	specific	instance	and	for	the	specific	purpose	for	which
given;	
provided
,	
however
,	that	no	amendment,	waiver	or	consent	that	modifies	any	of	the	Supermajority	Terms	shall	be
effective	unless	in	writing	and	signed	by	the	Required	Supermajority	Group	Agents;	
provided
,	
further
,	
however
,	that	no
such	waiver,	amendment,	or	consent	shall,	unless	in	writing	and	signed	by	the	Group	Agents	for	all	the	Lenders	directly
affected	thereby	(or	by	the	Administrative	Agent	with	the	consent	of	the	Group	Agents	for	all	the	Lenders	directly	affected
thereby),	in	addition	to	the	Required	Group	Agents	or	Required	Supermajority	Group	Agents,	as	the	case	may	be,	(or	by	the
Administrative	Agent	with	the	consent	of	the	Required	Group	Agents	or	Required	Supermajority	Group	Agents,	as	the	case
may	be)	and	Borrower	and	acknowledged	by	the	Administrative	Agent,	do	any	of	the	following:
-94-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(i)
increase	or	extend	the	Commitment	of	any	Lender	(or	reinstate	any	Commitment	terminated
pursuant	to	Section	8.02(a));
(ii)
postpone	or	delay	any	date	fixed	for,	or	waive,	any	scheduled	installment	of	principal	or	any
payment	of	interest	(other	than	a	waiver	of	the	imposition	of	the	default	interest	margin	pursuant	to	the	terms	of	the
Transaction	Documents),	fees	or	other	amounts	due	to	the	Lenders	(or	any	of	them)	under	any	other	Transaction
Document;
(iii)
reduce	the	principal	of,	or	the	rate	of	interest	specified	herein	(other	than	a	waiver	of	the
imposition	of	the	default	interest	margin	pursuant	to	the	terms	of	the	Transaction	Documents),	or	of	any	fees	or	other
amounts	payable	hereunder	or	under	any	other	Transaction	Document;
(iv)
change	the	percentage	of	the	Commitments	or	of	the	aggregate	unpaid	principal	amount	of	the
Loans	which	shall	be	required	for	the	Lenders	or	any	of	them	to	take	any	action	hereunder;
(v)
amend	this	
Section	12.02
	or	the	definition	of	“Required	Group	Agents”	or	the	definition	of
“Supermajority	Terms”	or	the	definition	of	“Required	Supermajority	Group	Agents”	or	any	provision	providing	for	consent
or	other	action	by	all	Lenders	or	amend	the	definition	of	“Commitment	Percentage”	or	“Percentage;”	or
(vi)
discharge	TFL	or	any	Tesla	Party	from	its	respective	payment	Secured	Obligations	under	the
Transaction	Documents,	or	release	all	or	substantially	all	of	the	Collateral,	except	as	otherwise	may	be	provided	in	this
Agreement	or	the	other	Transaction	Documents;
it	being	agreed	that	all	Lenders	shall	be	deemed	to	be	directly	affected	by	an	amendment	or	waiver	of	the	type	described	in
the	preceding	clauses	(iv),	(v)	and	(vi).
(b)
No	amendment,	waiver	or	consent	shall,	unless	in	writing	and	signed	by	the	Administrative	Agent,
in	addition	to	the	Required	Group	Agents	or	the	Group	Agents	for	all	Lenders	directly	affected	thereby,	as	the	case	may	be
(or	by	the	Administrative	Agent	with	the	consent	of	the	Required	Group	Agents	or	the	Group	Agents	for	all	the	Lenders
directly	affected	thereby,	as	the	case	may	be),	affect	the	rights	or	duties	of	the	Administrative	Agent,	under	this	Agreement
or	any	other	Transaction	Document.		No	amendment,	waiver	or	consent	shall,	unless	in	writing	and	signed	by	the	Paying
Agent,	affect	the	rights	or	duties	of	the	Paying	Agent,	under	this	Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Documents.		No
amendment,	modification	or	waiver	of	this	Agreement	or	any	Transaction	Document	altering	the	ratable	treatment	of
Secured	Obligations	arising	under	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedges	resulting	in	such	Secured	Obligations	being	junior	in	right
of	payment	to	principal	of	the	Loans	or	resulting	in	Secured	Obligations	owing	to	any	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Provider
becoming	unsecured	(other	than	releases	of	Liens	permitted	in	accordance	with	the	terms	hereof),	in	each	case	in	a
manner	adverse	to	any	Eligible	Interest	Rate	Hedge	Provider,	shall	be	effective	without	the	written	consent	of	such	Eligible
Interest	Rate	Hedge	Provider.
(c)
No	amendment	or	waiver	which	affects	the	rights	of	the	Trustee	Bank	with	respect	to	
Section	2.04
shall	be	effective	without,	in	each	specific	instance,	the	written	approval	of	the	Trustee	Bank.
SECTION	12.03
		
No	Implied	Waiver;	Cumulative	Remedies
.		No	course	of	dealing	and	no	delay	or	failure	of
any	Lender	Party	in	exercising	any	right,	power	or	privilege	under	the	Transaction	Documents	shall	affect	any	other	or
future	exercise	thereof	or	the	exercise	of	any	other	right,	power	or	privilege;	nor	shall	any
-95-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
single	or	partial	exercise	of	any	such	right,	power	or	privilege	or	any	abandonment	or	discontinuance	of	steps	to	enforce
such	a	right,	power	or	privilege	preclude	any	further	exercise	thereof	or	of	any	other	right,	power	or	privilege.		The	rights
and	remedies	of	the	Lender	Parties	under	the	Transaction	Documents	are	cumulative	and	not	exclusive	of	any	rights	or
remedies	that	the	Lender	Parties	may	otherwise	have.
SECTION	12.04
		
No	Discharge
.		The	respective	obligations	of	the	Borrower	and	TFL	under	the	Transaction
Documents	shall	be	absolute	and	unconditional	and	shall	remain	in	full	force	and	effect	without	regard	to,	and	shall	be
absolute	and	unconditional	and	shall	remain	in	full	force	and	effect	without	regard	to,	and	shall	not	be	released,	discharged
or	in	any	way	affected	by	(a)	any	exercise	or	nonexercise	of	any	right,	remedy,	power	or	privilege	under	or	in	respect	of	the
Transaction	Documents	or	applicable	law,	including	any	failure	to	set-off	or	release	in	whole	or	in	part	by	any	Lender	Party
of	any	balance	of	any	deposit	account	or	credit	on	its	books	in	favor	of	the	Borrower	or	TFL,	as	the	case	may	be,	or	any
waiver,	consent,	extension,	indulgence	or	other	action	or	inaction	in	respect	of	any	thereof,	or	(b)	any	other	act	or	thing	or
omission	or	delay	to	do	any	other	act	or	thing	that	could	operate	as	a	discharge	of	the	Borrower	or	TFL	as	a	matter	of	law.
SECTION	12.05
		
Notices
.		All	notices,	requests,	demands,	directions	and	other	communications
(collectively	“
notices
”)	under	the	provisions	of	this	Agreement	shall	be	in	writing	(including	facsimile	or	electronic
communication,	if	the	recipient	provides	an	e-mail	address)	unless	otherwise	expressly	permitted	hereunder	and	shall	be
sent	by	first-class	mail,	postage	prepaid,	electronic	mail,	prepaid	courier,	or	by	facsimile.		Any	such	properly	given	notice
shall	be	effective	when	received.		All	notices	shall	be	sent	to	the	applicable	party	at	the	addresses	specified	below	or	on
Schedule	6
	hereto,	as	applicable,	or	in	accordance	with	the	last	unrevoked	written	direction	from	such	party	to	the	other
parties	hereto.
If	to	Borrower:
c/o	Tesla,	Inc.
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	CA	94304
Attention:		General	Counsel
	
	
With	a	copy	to
c/o	Tesla,	Inc.
6800	Dumbarton	Circle
Fremont,	CA	94555
Attention:		Legal,	Finance
	
If	to	TFL:
c/o	Tesla,	Inc.
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	CA	94304
Attention:	General	Counsel
	
With	a	copy	to
c/o	Tesla,	Inc.
6800	Dumbarton	Circle
Fremont,	CA	94555
Attention:		Legal,	Finance
	
-96-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
If	to	the	Paying
Agent:
Deutsche	Bank	Trust	Company	Americas
Global	Securities	Services	(GSS)
100	Plaza	One,	8th	Floor
Mail	stop:	JCY03-0801
Jersey	City,	New	Jersey	07311-3901
Tel:	+1	(201)	593-8420
Fax:	+	(212)	553-2458
Email:	Michele.hy.voon@db.com
	
	
If	to	the
Administrative
Agent:
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch
60	Wall	Street,	5
th
	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10005
Tel:	(212)	250-3001
Fax:	(212)	797-5300
Attention:	Katherine	Bologna
Email:	
abs.conduits@db.com
	and
katherine.bologna@db.com
SECTION	12.06
		
Governing	Law;	Submission	to	Jurisdiction
.		T
HIS	AGREEMENT	SHALL	BE	GOVERNED
BY	AND	CONSTRUED	IN	ACCORDANCE	WITH	THE	LAWS	OF	THE	STATE	OF	NEW	YORK,	
WITHOUT	REFERENCE	TO
ITS	CONFLICT	OF	LAWS	PROVISIONS	(OTHER	THAN	SECTION	5-1401	AND	5-1402	OF	THE	NEW	YORK	GENERAL
OBLIGATIONS	LAW).		Each	party	hereto	hereby	submits	to	the	nonexclusive	jurisdiction	of	the	United	States	District	Court
for	the	Southern	District	of	New	York	and	of	any	New	York	State	Court	sitting	in	New	York,	New	York	for	purposes	of	all
legal	proceedings	arising	out	of	or	relating	to	this	Agreement,	any	other	Transaction	Document	or	the	transactions
contemplated	hereby	or	thereby.		Each	party	hereto	hereby	irrevocably	waives,	to	the	fullest	extent	it	may	effectively	do	so,
any	objection	which	it	may	now	or	hereafter	have	to	the	laying	of	venue	of	any	such	proceeding	brought	in	such	a	court	and
any	claim	that	any	such	proceeding	brought	in	such	a	court	has	been	brought	in	an	inconvenient	forum.		Nothing	in	this
Section	12.06
	shall	affect	the	right	of	any	party	hereto	to	bring	any	action	or	proceeding	against	any	other	party	or	their
respective	properties	in	the	courts	of	other	jurisdictions.
SECTION	12.07
		
Integration
.		This	Agreement	and	the	other	Transaction	Documents	contain	the	final	and
complete	integration	of	all	prior	expressions	by	the	parties	hereto	with	respect	to	the	subject	matter	hereof	and	shall
constitute	the	entire	understanding	among	the	parties	hereto	with	respect	to	the	subject	matter	hereof	superseding	all
prior	oral	or	written	understandings.
SECTION	12.08
		
Counterparts;	Severability
.
(a)
This	Agreement	may	be	executed	in	any	number	of	counterparts	and	by	different	parties	hereto	in
separate	counterparts,	each	of	which	when	so	executed	shall	be	deemed	to	be	an	original	and	all	of	which	when	taken
together	shall	constitute	one	and	the	same	Agreement.
(b)
Any	provisions	of	this	Agreement	that	are	prohibited	or	unenforceable	in	any	jurisdiction	shall,	as
to	such	jurisdiction,	be	ineffective	to	the	extent	of	such	prohibition	or	unenforceability	without	invalidating	the	remaining
provisions	hereof,	and	any	such	prohibition	or	unenforceability	in	any	jurisdiction	shall	not	invalidate	or	render
unenforceable	such	provision	in	any	other	jurisdiction.
-97-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
SECTION	12.09
		
Set-Off
.
(a)
The	Borrower	hereby	waives	any	right	of	setoff	which	it	may	have	or	to	which	it	may	be	entitled
against	any	Lender	Party	and	their	respective	assets.
(b)
In	case	an	Event	of	Default	shall	occur	and	be	continuing,	each	Lender	Party,	to	the	fullest	extent
permitted	by	law,	shall	have	the	right,	in	addition	to	all	other	rights	and	remedies	available	to	it,	without	notice	to	the
Borrower,	as	the	case	may	be,	to	set-off	against	and	to	appropriate	and	apply	to	any	amount	owing	by	the	Borrower
hereunder	which	has	become	due	and	payable,	any	debt	owing	to,	and	any	other	funds	held	in	any	manner	for	the	account
of,	the	Borrower	by	such	Lender	Party,	including	all	funds	in	all	deposit	accounts	(whether	time	or	demand,	general	or
special,	provisionally	credited	or	finally	credited,	or	otherwise),	now	or	hereafter	maintained	by	the	Borrower	with	such
Lender	Party	(it	being	understood	that	no	such	set-off	with	respect	to	either	the	Borrower	shall	be	applied	to	any	amounts
owing	by	the	other	such	Person	hereunder).		Such	right	shall	exist	whether	or	not	such	debt	owing	to,	or	funds	held	for	the
account	of,	the	Borrower	is	or	are	matured	other	than	by	operation	of	this	
Section	12.09
	and	regardless	of	the	existence	or
adequacy	of	any	collateral,	guaranty	or	any	other	security,	right	or	remedy	available	to	the	Lender	Parties.		Nothing	in	this
Agreement	shall	be	deemed	a	waiver	or	prohibition	or	restriction	of	any	Lender	Party’s	rights	of	set-off	or	other	rights
under	applicable	law.
SECTION	12.10
		
Successors	and	Assigns
.		(a)			
Binding
.		This	Agreement	shall	be	binding	on	the	parties
hereto	and	their	respective	successors	and	assigns;	
provided
,	
however
,	that	neither	the	Borrower	nor	TFL	may	assign	any
of	its	rights	or	delegate	any	of	its	duties	hereunder	without	the	prior	written	consent	of	the	Administrative	Agent	and	each
Group	Agent.		
(b)
Assignment	by	Conduit	Lender
.		This	Agreement	and	the	rights	of	each	Conduit	Lender	hereunder
(including	each	Loan	made	by	it	hereunder)	shall	be	assignable	by	such	Conduit	Lender	and	its	successors	and	permitted
assigns	(A)	to	any	Program	Support	Provider	or	Affiliate	of	a	Program	Support	Provider	of	such	Conduit	Lender,	any
commercial	paper	issuer	supported	by	a	Program	Support	Provider	or	any	collateral	agent	or	collateral	trustee	under	its
related	commercial	paper	program	documents	without	prior	notice	to	or	consent	from	any	Tesla	Party,	TBM,	TFL	or	Tesla,
Inc.	or	any	other	party,	or	any	other	condition	or	restriction	of	any	kind	or	(B)	with	the	prior	written	consent	of	the
Borrower	(such	consent	not	to	be	unreasonably	withheld	or	delayed,	to	any	other	Eligible	Assignee;	
provided
,	
however
,	that
such	consent	shall	not	be	required	if	an	Event	of	Default,	Default	or	Servicer	Default	has	occurred	and	is	continuing).		
(c)
Information
.		Each	assignor	of	a	Loan	or	any	interest	therein	may,	in	connection	with	the
assignment	or	participation,	disclose	to	the	assignee	(if	such	assignee	would	be	permitted	under	the	Transaction
Documents)	or	participant	any	information	relating	to	the	Tesla	Parties	TFL,	TBM	or	Tesla,	Inc.,	including	the	Warehouse
SUBI	Assets,	furnished	to	such	assignor	by	or	on	behalf	of	any	Tesla	Party,	TFL,	TBM	or	Tesla,	Inc.	or	by	the	Administrative
Agent;	
provided
	that,	prior	to	any	such	disclosure,	such	assignee	or	participant	agrees	to	preserve	the	confidentiality	of	any
confidential	information	relating	to	the	Tesla	Parties,	TFL,	TBM	and	Tesla,	Inc.	received	by	it	from	any	of	the	foregoing
entities	in	a	manner	consistent	with	
Section	12.11
.
(d)
Assignment	by	Committed	Lender
.		Each	Committed	Lender	may	assign	to	any	Eligible	Assignee
or	to	any	other	Committed	Lender	all	or	a	portion	of	its	rights	and	obligations	under	this	Agreement	(including	all	or	a
portion	of	its	Commitment	and	any	Loan	or	interests	therein	owned	by	it);	
provided
,	
however
	that
-98-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(A)
except	for	an	assignment	by	a	Committed	Lender	to	any	Lender	or	any	Affiliate	of	any	Committed
Lender,	each	such	assignment	shall	require	the	prior	written	consent	of	the	Borrower	(such	consent	not	to	be
unreasonably	withheld	or	delayed;	
provided
,	
however
,	that	such	consent	of	the	Borrower	shall	not	be	required	if	an
Event	of	Default,	Default	or	Servicer	Default	has	occurred	and	is	continuing);
(B)
each	such	assignment	shall	be	of	a	constant,	and	not	a	varying,	percentage	of	all	rights	and
obligations	under	this	Agreement;
(C)
the	amount	being	assigned	pursuant	to	each	such	assignment	(determined	as	of	the	date	of	the
Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement	with	respect	to	such	assignment)	shall	in	no	event	be	less	than	the	lesser
of	(x)	$5,000,000	and	(y)	all	of	the	assigning	Committed	Lender’s	Commitment;	and,
(D)
the	parties	to	each	such	assignment	shall	execute	and	deliver	to	the	Administrative	Agent,	for	its
acceptance	and	recording	in	the	Register	(as	defined	below),	an	Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement.
Upon	such	execution,	delivery,	acceptance	and	recording	from	and	after	the	effective	date	specified	in	such
Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement,	(x)	the	assignee	thereunder	shall	be	a	party	to	this	Agreement	and,	to	the	extent
that	rights	and	obligations	under	this	Agreement	have	been	assigned	to	it	pursuant	to	such	Assignment	and	Acceptance
Agreement,	have	the	rights	and	obligations	of	a	Committed	Lender	hereunder	and	(y)	the	assigning	Committed	Lender
shall,	to	the	extent	that	rights	and	obligations	have	been	assigned	by	it	pursuant	to	such	Assignment	and	Acceptance
Agreement,	relinquish	such	rights	and	be	released	from	such	obligations	under	this	Agreement	(and,	in	the	case	of	an
Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement	covering	all	or	the	remaining	portion	of	an	assigning	Committed	Lender’s	rights
and	obligations	under	this	Agreement,	such	Committed	Lender	shall	cease	to	be	a	party	hereto).		In	addition,	any
Committed	Lender	or	any	of	its	Affiliates	may	assign	any	of	its	rights	(including	rights	to	payment	of	principal	and	Interest)
under	this	Agreement	to	any	Federal	Reserve	Bank	without	notice	to	or	consent	of	any	Tesla	Party,	any	other	Committed
Lender	or	Conduit	Lender,	any	Group	Agent	or	the	Administrative	Agent,	
provided
	that	no	such	assignment	shall	relieve
such	assignor	of	its	obligations	under	this	Agreement.
(e)
[Reserved].
(f)
Procedure
.		Upon	its	receipt	of	an	Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement	executed	and	delivered
by	an	assigning	Committed	Lender	and	an	Eligible	Assignee	or	assignee	Committed	Lender,	the	Administrative	Agent	shall,
if	such	Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement	has	been	duly	completed,	(i)	accept	such	Assignment	and	Acceptance
Agreement,	(ii)	record	the	information	contained	therein	in	the	Register,	and	(iii)	give	prompt	notice	thereof	to	the
Borrower	and	the	Servicer.
(g)
Participations
.		Each	Lender	may,	in	the	ordinary	course	of	its	business	and	in	accordance	with
applicable	law,	at	any	time	sell	to	one	or	more	Eligible	Assignees	(each,	a	“
Participant
”)	participating	interests	in	all	or	a
portion	of	its	rights	and	obligations	under	the	Loans.		Notwithstanding	any	such	sale	by	such	Lender	of	participating
interests	to	a	Participant,	(i)	such	Lender’s	rights	and	obligations	under	this	Agreement	shall	remain	unchanged,	(ii)	such
Lender	shall	remain	solely	responsible	for	the	performance	hereof	and	thereof,	and	(iii)	the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer	shall
continue	to	deal	solely	and	directly	with	such	Lender	in	connection	with	such	Lender’s	rights	and	obligations	under	this
Agreement	and	the	Loans.		Each	Lender	agrees	that	any	agreement	between	such	Lender	and	any	such	Participant	in
respect	of	such	participating	interest	shall	not	restrict
-99-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
or	condition	such	Lender’s	right	to	agree	to	any	amendment,	supplement,	waiver	or	modification	of	this	Agreement.		The
Borrower	agrees	that	each	Participant	shall	be	entitled	to	the	benefits	of	
Article	XI
	(subject	to	the	requirements	and
limitations	therein,	including	the	requirements	under	
Section	11.02(f)
	to	the	same	extent	as	if	such	Participant	were	a
Lender	and	had	acquired	such	participation	pursuant	to	an	assignment),	it	being	understood	that	the	documentation
required	under	
Section	11.02(f)
	shall	be	delivered	to	the	participating	Lender	to	the	same	extent	as	if	such	Participant	was
a	Lender	and	had	acquired	such	Participation	pursuant	to	an	assignment;	
provided
	that	all	such	amounts	payable	by	the
Borrower	to	any	such	Participant	shall	be	limited	to	the	amounts	which	would	have	been	payable	to	such	Lender	selling
such	participating	interest	had	such	interest	not	been	sold;	
provided	further
	that	such	Participant	agrees	to	be	subject	to
the	provisions	of	
Section	11.04
	as	if	it	were	a	Lender.
(h)
Participant	Register
.		Each	Lender	that	sells	a	participation	shall,	acting	solely	for	this	purpose	as
an	agent	of	the	Borrower,	maintain	a	register	on	which	it	enters	the	name	and	address	of	each	Participant	and	the	principal
amounts	(and	stated	interest)	of	each	Participant’s	interest	in	the	Loans	or	other	obligations	under	this	Agreement	(the
“
Participant	Register
”);	
provided
	that	no	Committed	Lender	shall	have	any	obligation	to	disclose	all	or	any	portion	of	the
Participant	Register	(including	the	identity	of	any	Participant	or	any	information	relating	to	a	Participant's	interest	in	any
commitments,	loans,	letters	of	credit	or	its	other	obligations	under	any	this	Agreement)	to	any	Person	except	to	the	extent
that	such	disclosure	is	necessary	to	establish	that	such	commitment,	loan,	letter	of	credit	or	other	obligation	is	in
registered	form	under	Section	5f.103-1(c)	of	the	United	States	Treasury	Regulations.		The	entries	in	the	Participant
Register	shall	be	conclusive	absent	manifest	error,	and	such	Lender	shall	treat	each	Person	whose	name	is	recorded	in	the
Participant	Register	as	the	owner	of	such	participation	for	all	purposes	of	this	Agreement	notwithstanding	any	notice	to	the
contrary.		For	the	avoidance	of	doubt,	the	Administrative	Agent	(in	its	capacity	as	Administrative	Agent)	shall	have	no
responsibility	for	maintaining	a	Participant	Register.
(i)
Assignments	by	Agents
.		This	Agreement	and	the	rights	and	obligations	of	the	Administrative
Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	herein	shall	be	assignable	by	the	Administrative	Agent	or	such	Group	Agent,	as	the	case	may
be,	and	its	successors	and	assigns;	
provided
	that	in	the	case	of	an	assignment	to	a	Person	that	is	not	an	Affiliate	of	the
Administrative	Agent	or	such	Group	Agent,	so	long	as	no	Event	of	Default,	Default	or	Servicer	Default	has	occurred	and	is
continuing,	such	assignment	shall	require	the	Borrower’s	consent	(not	to	be	unreasonably	withheld	or	delayed).
(j)
Limitation	on	Assignments	and	Participations
.	Notwithstanding	anything	to	the	contrary
contained	in	the	Transaction	Documents,	none	of	the	Administration	Agent,	any	Group	Agent	or	any	Lender
may	assign	or	participate	all	or	any	portion	of	its	rights	and	obligations	hereunder	unless,	contemporaneous
with	such	assignment	or	participation,	such	Person	makes	a	pro	rata	assignment	or	participation	to	the	same
assignee	or	participant,	as	the	case	may	be,	of	the	same	rights	and	obligations	under	the	TFL	Warehouse
Agreement.
(k)
Addition	of	Lenders	or	Groups
.	The	Borrower	may,	from	time	to	time,	with	the	written	consent	of
the	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent,	add	additional	Persons	as	Lenders	(either	to	an	existing	Group	or	by
creating	new	Groups).	Each	new	Lender	(or	Group)	shall	become	a	party	hereto,	by	executing	and	delivering	to	the
Administrative	Agent	and	the	Borrower,	an	assumption	agreement	(each,	an	“
Assumption	Agreement
”)	in	the	form	of
Exhibit	N
	hereto	(which	Assumption	Agreement	shall,	in	the	case	of	any	new	Lender	or	Lenders,	be	executed	by	each
Person	in	such	new	Lender’s	Group).		
-100-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
SECTION	12.11
		
Confidentiality
.		The	Administrative	Agent,	each	Group	Agent,	each	Lender,	
the	Paying
Agent,	
the	Borrower	and	TFL	shall	keep	all	non-public	information	obtained	pursuant	to	this	Agreement	and	the
transactions	contemplated	hereby	or	effected	in	connection	herewith	confidential	in	accordance	with	customary	procedures
for	handling	confidential	information	of	this	nature	and	will	not	disclose	such	information	to	outside	parties	but	may	make
disclosure	(a)	reasonably	required	by	(i)	a	bona	fide	transferee	(including	an	assignee	or	a	Participant)	or	prospective
transferee	(including	a	prospective	assignee	or	Participant)	that	is	an	Eligible	Assignee,	including	any	successor	Lender	in
connection	with	the	participation	in	this	Agreement	by	such	successor	Lender,	and	its	counsel	and	auditors,	(ii)	a
commercial	paper	issuer	or	any	provider	of	liquidity	or	credit	support	facilities	to,	or	for	the	account	of,	a	commercial	paper
issuer,	
any	person	acting	or	propos
ed
	to	act	as	a	placement	agent,	dealer	or	investor	with	respect	to	any	commercial	paper
notes	issued	by	or	on	behalf	of	a	Conduit	Lender	(provided	that	any	confidential	information	provided	to	any	such
placement	agent,	dealer	or	investor	does	not	reveal	the	identity	of	the	Borrower,	TFL	or	any	Affiliate	thereto	and	is	limited
to	information	of	the	type	that	is	typically	provided	to	such	entities	by	asset	back
ed
	commercial	paper	conduits)	
and	its	or
their	counsel	and	auditors,	
provided
	that	any	such	bona	fide	transferee	or	prospective	transferee,	including	without
limitation,	any	successor	Lender,	any	commercial	paper	issuer	or	provider	of	liquidity	or	credit	support	facilities	to	a
commercial	paper	issuer,	and	its	counsel	and	auditors	to	whom	such	disclosure	is	made	shall	abide	by	the	confidentiality
provisions	of	this	
Section	12.11
	or	(iii)	any	member	or	other	Person	holding	equity	interests	in	a	commercial	paper	conduit
purchaser;	
provided
	that	any	such	member	or	other	Person	has	agreed	to	hold	such	information	in	confidence,
(b)	necessary	in	order	to	obtain	any	consents,	approvals,	waivers	or	other	arrangements	required	to	permit	the	execution,
delivery	and	performance	by	the	Borrower	and	TFL	of	this	Agreement,	(c)	in	connection	with	the	enforcement	of	this
Agreement	or	any	other	Transaction	Document,	(d)	as	required	or	requested	by	any	Official	Body
,	regulatory,	self-
regulatory	or	supervisory	authority	having	proper	jurisdiction
	or	pursuant	to	legal	process	or	as	required	by	applicable	law
(including	securities	laws),	(e)	to	any	Rating	Agency,	provided	that	such	Rating	Agency	has	agreed	to	hold	such	information
in	accordance	with	such	Rating	Agency’s	customary	procedures,
	(f)	to	its	attorneys,	accountants,	agents	and	Affiliates	on	a
need	to	know	basis	provided	that	each	such	person	to	whom	disclosure	is	made	shall	abide	by	the	confidentiality	provisions
of	this	
Section	12.11
	and	(
g
)	without	limiting	preceding	clause	(e),	to	any	“nationally	recognized	statistical	rating
organization”	(as	defined	in,	or	by	reference	to,	Rule	17g-5	under	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended
(“
Rule	17g-5
”))	(each	an	“
NRSRO
”)	by	posting	such	confidential	information	to	a	password	protected	internet	website
accessible	to	each	NRSRO	in	connection	with,	and	subject	to	the	terms	of,	Rule	17g-5.		Each	Lender	Party	agrees	that	any
confidential	information	(which	includes	all	information	(i)	that	is	not	and	does	not	hereafter	become	publicly	available
through	no	fault	of	such	Lender	Party	or	any	of	its	agents	or	representatives	and	(ii)	that	is	provided	by	the	Borrower	or
TFL	or	any	of	their	respective	agents	or	representatives,	in	any	format	whatsoever,	including	any	and	all	analyses,
compilations,	reports	or	other	material	based	upon	such	information	and	prepared	by	such	Lender	Party	or	any	of	its
agents	or	representatives)	shall	be	used	only	in	connection	with	this	Agreement	and	the	transactions	contemplated	hereby
and	not	for	any	other	purpose;	
provided
,	
however
,	that	such	Lender	Party	may	disclose	on	a	confidential	basis	any	such
confidential	information	to	any	Rating	Agency.		Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing,	each	Lender	Party	shall
observe	any	applicable	law	prohibiting	the	disclosure	of	information	regarding	Lessees	and	shall	request	of	each	Person	to
whom	disclosure	is	made	pursuant	to	this	
Section	12.11
	to	observe	any	such	applicable	laws.
Notwithstanding	any	other	provision	herein,	each	Lender	Party,	the	Borrower	and	TFL	(and	each	of	their
respective	employees,	representatives	or	other	agents)	may	disclose	to	any	and	all	Persons,	without	limitation	of	any	kind,
the	U.S.	tax	treatment	and	U.S.	tax	structure	of	the	transaction	contemplated	by	this	Agreement	and	the	other	agreements
related	hereto	and	all	materials	of	any	kind	(including	opinions	or	other	tax	analysis)	that	are	provided	to	any	of	them
relating	to	such	U.S.	tax	treatment	and	U.S.	tax	structure,	other	than	any	information	for	which	nondisclosure	is	reasonably
necessary	in	order	to	comply	with	applicable	securities	laws.
-101-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
SECTION	12.12
		
Payments	Set	Aside
.		To	the	extent	that	the	Borrower,	TFL	or	any	Lessee	makes	a
payment	to	a	Lender	Party	or	a	Lender	Party	exercises	its	rights	of	set-off	and	such	payment	or	set-off	or	any	part	thereof	is
subsequently	invalidated,	declared	to	be	fraudulent	or	preferential,	set	aside,	recovered	from,	disgorged	by,	or	is	required
to	be	refunded,	rescinded,	returned,	repaid	or	otherwise	restored	to	the	Borrower,	TFL,	such	Lessee,	a	trustee,	a	receiver
or	any	other	Person	under	any	law,	including	any	bankruptcy	law,	any	state	or	federal	law,	common	law	or	equitable	cause,
the	obligation	or	part	thereof	originally	intended	to	be	satisfied	shall,	to	the	extent	of	any	such	restoration,	be	reinstated,
revived	and	continued	in	full	force	and	effect	as	if	such	payment	had	not	been	made	or	such	set-off	had	not	occurred.		The
provisions	of	this	
Section	12.12
	shall	survive	the	termination	of	this	Agreement.
SECTION	12.13
		
No	Petition
.		
(a)
Each	party	hereto	agrees,	prior	to	the	date	which	is	one	(1)	year	and	one	(1)	day	after	the	payment
in	full	of	all	indebtedness	for	borrowed	money	of	the	Borrower,	not	to	acquiesce,	petition	or	otherwise,	directly	or
indirectly,	invoke,	or	cause	the	Borrower	to	invoke,	the	process	of	any	Official	Body	for	the	purpose	of	(i)	commencing	or
sustaining	a	case	against	Borrower,	under	any	federal	or	state	bankruptcy,	insolvency	or	similar	law	(including	the
Bankruptcy	Code),	(ii)	appointing	a	receiver,	liquidator,	assignee,	trustee,	custodian,	sequestrator	or	other	similar	official
for	the	Borrower,	or	any	substantial	part	of	the	property	of	the	Borrower,	or	(iii)	ordering	the	winding	up	or	liquidation	of
the	affairs	of	the	Borrower.
(b)
Each	party	hereto	agrees,	prior	to	the	date	which	is	one	(1)	year	and	one	(1)	day	after	the
payment	in	full	of	all	indebtedness	for	borrowed	money	of	any	Conduit	Lender,	not	to	acquiesce,	petition	or	otherwise,
directly	or	indirectly,	invoke,	or	cause	such	Conduit	Lender	to	invoke,	the	process	of	any	Official	Body	for	the	purpose	of	(i)
commencing	or	sustaining	a	case	against	such	Conduit	Lender,	under	any	federal	or	state	bankruptcy,	insolvency	or	similar
law	(including	the	Bankruptcy	Code	or	similar	law	in	another	jurisdiction),	(ii)	appointing	a	receiver,	liquidator,	assignee,
trustee,	custodian,	sequestrator	or	other	similar	official	for	such	Conduit	Lender,	or	any	substantial	part	of	the	property	of
such	Conduit	Lender,	or	(iii)	ordering	the	winding	up	or	liquidation	of	the	affairs	of	such	Conduit	Lender.
SECTION	12.14
		
Characterization	of	the	Transactions	Contemplated	by	this	Agreement
.		The	parties	to	this
Agreement	agree	to	treat	the	transactions	contemplated	by	this	Agreement	as	a	debt	financing	for	tax	and	accounting
purposes	and	further	agree	to	file	on	a	timely	basis	all	federal	and	other	tax	returns	consistent	with	such	treatment.
SECTION	12.15
		
WAIVER	OF	JURY	TRIAL
.		EACH	PARTY	TO	THIS	AGREEMENT	HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY	WAIVES,	TO	THE	FULLEST	EXTENT	PERMITTED	BY	APPLICABLE	LAW,	ANY	AND	ALL	RIGHT
TO	TRIAL	BY	JURY	IN	ANY	LEGAL	PROCEEDING	ARISING	OUT	OF	OR	RELATING	TO	THIS	AGREEMENT,	THE
OTHER	TRANSACTION	DOCUMENTS	AND	THE	TRANSACTIONS	CONTEMPLATED	HEREBY	AND	THEREBY.
SECTION	12.16
		
Loans
.		Any	references	to	the	Agreement	herein	shall,	wherever	applicable,	be	read	to
include	each	Loan	Request	and	each	Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation.
SECTION	12.17
		
TBM,	TFL	or	Tesla,	Inc
.	Liability
.		Except	as	provided	in	the	Transaction	Documents,	none
of	TBM,	TFL	or	Tesla,	Inc.	shall	be	liable	for	the	payment	obligations	of	the	Borrower	hereunder	or	under	any	Loan.
-102-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
SECTION	12.18
		
Limitation	on	Consequential,	Indirect	and	Certain	Other	Damages
.		No	claim	may	be
made	by	the	Borrower,	
TFL
,	or	any	of	their	Affiliates	against	any	Lender	Party
,	the	Paying	Agent,	the	Administrative	Agent
or	any	of	
their	respective
	Affiliates,	directors,	officers,	employees,	attorneys	or	agents	for	any	special,	indirect,
consequential	or	punitive	damages	arising	out	of	or	related	to	the	transactions	contemplated	by	this	Agreement	and		the
other	Transaction	Documents,	or	any	act,	omission	or	event	occurring	in	connection	therewith	and	each	of	the	Borrower
and	
TFL
,	to	the	extent	permitted	by	law,	hereby	waives,	releases,	and	agrees	not	to	sue	upon	any	claim	for	any	such
damages,	whether	or	not	accrued	and	whether	or	not	known	or	suspected	to	exist	in	its	favor.
No	claim	may	be	made	by	any	Lender	Party,	the	Paying	Agent,	the	Administrative	Agent	or	any	of	their
respective	Affiliates	against	the	Borrower,	TFL,	or	any	of	their	Affiliates,	directors,	officers,	employees,	attorneys	or	agents
for	any	special,	indirect,	consequential	or	punitive	damages	arising	out	of	or	related	to	the	transactions	contemplated	by
this	Agreement	and	the	other	Transaction	Documents,	or	any	act,	omission	or	event	occurring	in	connection	therewith	and
each	Lender	Party,	the	Paying	Agent,	the	Administrative	Agent,	to	the	extent	permitted	by	law,	hereby	waives,	releases,
and	agrees	not	to	sue	upon	any	claim	for	any	such	damages,	whether	or	not	accrued	and	whether	or	not	known	or
suspected	to	exist	in	its	favor;	provided	that	a	claim	for	damages	arising	from	a	breach	of	
Section	12.11
	shall	not	be
deemed	to	be	a	claim	for	special,	indirect	or	consequential	damages.
In	no	event	shall	the	Paying	Agents	be	responsible	or	liable	for	special,	indirect,	punitive	or	consequential
loss	or	damage	of	any	kind	whatsoever	(including,	but	not	limited	to,	loss	of	profit)	irrespective	of	whether	the	Paying
Agent	has	been	advised	of	the	likelihood	of	such	loss	or	damage	and	regardless	of	the	form	of	action.
SECTION	12.19
		
Ratable	Payments
.		If	any	Lender,	whether	by	setoff	or	otherwise,	has	payment	made	to	it
with	respect	to	any	Secured	Obligations	in	a	greater	proportion	than	that	received	by	any	other	Lender	entitled	to	receive	a
ratable	share	of	such	Secured	Obligations,	such	Lender	agrees,	promptly	upon	demand,	to	purchase	for	cash	without
recourse	or	warranty	a	portion	of	such	Secured	Obligations	held	by	the	other	Lenders	so	that	after	such	purchase	each
Lender	will	hold	its	ratable	portion	of	such	Secured	Obligations;	
provided
	that	if	all	or	any	portion	of	such	excess	amount	is
thereafter	recovered	from	such	Lender,	such	purchase	shall	be	rescinded	and	the	purchase	price	restored	to	the	extent	of
such	recovery,	but	without	interest.
SECTION	12.20
		
No	Third	Party	Beneficiaries;	Hedge	Counterparties
.
		Except	as	provided	in	the	next
sentence,	this	Agreement	is	not	intended	to	confer	any	benefit	upon,	to	give	any	rights	or	remedies	whatsoever	to,	or	to	be
enforceable	by,	any	Person	other	than	the	parties	hereto,	the	other	Indemnified	Parties	and,	with	respect	to	
Sections	2.04
and	
12.02
,	the	Trustee	Bank.		The	parties	hereto	expressly	intend	the	provisions	of	this	Agreement	to	be	enforceable	by
each	Interest	Rate	Hedge	provider	as	a	third	party	beneficiary	of	this	Agreement.
SECTION	12.21
		
Back-Up	Servicing
.	The	Administrative	Agent,	the	Group	Agents	and	TFL	agree	to	discuss
in	good	faith	on	an	ongoing	basis	TFL’s	ability	to	perform	its	obligations	under	the	Transaction	Documents	without	the
need	for	a	Back-Up	Servicer	and,	if	the	Administrative	Agent	and	TFL	agree	in	writing	that	TFL	has	such	ability,	then	TFL
may,	with	prior	written	consent	from	each	Group	Agent	(such	consent	not	to	be	unreasonably	withheld),	and	shall,	at	the
written	direction	of	each	Group	Agent,	upon	30	days’	prior	written	notice,	terminate	the	Back-Up	Servicer,	and,	for	the
avoidance	of	doubt,	no	Back-Up	Servicer	shall	thereafter	be	required	and	no	Back-Up	Servicing	Fees	shall	thereafter	be
payable.
-103-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
SECTION	12.22
		
Limited	Recourse	Against	Conduit	Lenders
.	
Notwithstanding	anything	in	this	Agreement
or	any	other	Transaction	Document	to	the	contrary,	no	Conduit	Lender	shall	have	any	obligation	to	pay	any	amount
required	to	be	paid	by	it	hereunder	or	thereunder	in	excess	of	any	amount	received	pursuant	to	this	Agreement	and
available	to	such	Conduit	Lender	after	paying	or	making	provision	for	the	payment	of	its	Short-Term	Notes.	All	payment
obligations	of	any	Conduit	Lender	hereunder	are	contingent	upon	the	availability	of	funds	received	pursuant	to	this
Agreement	in	excess	of	the	amounts	necessary	to	pay	Short-Term	Notes;	and	each	of	the	Borrower,	TFL	and	the	Secured
Parties	agrees	that	they	shall	not	have	a	claim	under	Section	101(5)	of	the	Bankruptcy	Code	(or	similar	law	in	another
jurisdiction)	if	and	to	the	extent	that	any	such	payment	obligation	exceeds	the	amount	received	pursuant	to	this	Agreement
and	available	to	any	Conduit	Lender	to	pay	such	amounts	after	paying	or	making	provision	for	the	payment	of	its	Short-
Term	Notes.	Notwithstanding	the	foregoing,	the	obligations	of	a	Conduit	Lender	to	the	Borrower	or	TFL	resulting	from	the
gross	negligence	or	willful	misconduct	of	such	Conduit	Lender	(as	finally	determined	by	a	court	of	competent	jurisdiction)
or	for	any	expenses	incurred	by	the	Borrower	or	TFL	as	a	result	of	a	breach	of	this	Agreement	made	by	a	Conduit	Lender
shall	not	be	limited	to	any	amounts	or	funds	received	pursuant	to	this	Agreement	(but	shall	only	be	limited	to	the	amounts
available	to	such	Conduit	Lender	after	paying	or	making	provision	for	the	payment	of	its	Short	Term	Notes).
SECTION	12.23		
U.S.	Patriot	Act
.	In	order	to	comply	with	the	laws,	rules,	regulations	and	executive	orders
in	effect	from	time	to	time	applicable	to	banking	institutions,	including,	without	limitation,	those	relating	to	the	funding	of
terrorist	activities	and	money	laundering,	including	Section	326	of	the	USA	PATRIOT	Act	of	the	United	States	(“Applicable
Law”),	the	Paying	Agent	is	required	to	obtain,	verify,	record	and	update	certain	information	relating	to	individuals	and
entities	which	maintain	a	business	relationship	with	the	Paying	Agent.	Accordingly,	each	of	the	parties	agree	to	provide	to
the	Paying	Agent,	upon	its	request	from	time	to	time	such	identifying	information	and	documentation	as	may	be	available
for	such	party	in	order	to	enable	the	Paying	Agent	to	comply	with	Applicable	Law.	The	Paying	Agent	will	follow	its	typical
Know	Your	Customer	(KYC)	process	on	any	other	entity	which	becomes	a	party	to	this	Agreement	(through	assignment	or
otherwise)	prior	to	processing	any	instructions	from	such	entity.
[Signature	Pages	Follow]
	
	
	
	
-104-
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	parties	have	caused	this	Agreement	to	be	executed	by	their	respective
officers	thereunto	duly	authorized,	as	of	the	date	first	above	written.
	
LML	2018	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC,
	
as	Borrower
	
	
By:
/s/	Yaron	Klein
	
Name:	Yaron	Klein
	
Title:	Chief	Financial	Officer/Treasurer
	
	
	
TESLA	FINANCE	LLC
	
	
By:
/s/	Yaron	Klein
	
Name:	Yaron	Klein
	
Title:	Chief	Financial	Officer/Treasurer
	
	
[Signature	Page	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	1	of	8]
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
DEUTSCHE	BANK	TRUST	COMPANY	AMERICAS,
as	Paying	Agent
	
	
By:
/s/	Rosemary	Cabrera
Name:
Rosemary	Cabrera
Title:
Associate
	
	
By:
/s/	William	Schwerdtman
Name:
William	Schwerdtman
Title:
Associate
	
	
	
[Signature	Page	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	2	of	8]
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
	Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH,	as
Administrative	Agent,	as	a	Group	Agent	and	as	a	Committed
Lender
	
By:
/s/	Kevin	Fagan
	
Name:	Kevin	Fagan
	
Title:	Vice	President
	
	
By:
/s/	Daniel	Gerber
	
Name:	Daniel	Gerber
	
Title:	Director
	
	
	
[Signature	Page	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	3	of	8]
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
CITIBANK,	N.A.,	as	a	Group	Agent	and	as	a	Committed
Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
	
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
	
Title:	Vice	President
	
	
CAFCO	LLC,	as	a	Conduit	Lender
By:
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
	
By:
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
	
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
	
Title:	Vice	President
	
CHARTA	LLC,	as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
	
By:
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
	
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
	
Title:	Vice	President
	
CIESCO	LLC,	as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
	
By:
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
	
By:
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
	
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
	
Title:	Vice	President
	
	
	
[Signature	Page	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	4	of	8]
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
CRC	FUNDING	LLC,	as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
	
By:
Citibank,	N.A.,	as	Attorney-in-Fact
	
	
By:
/s/	Amy	Jo	Pitts
	
Name:	Amy	Jo	Pitts
	
Title:	Vice	President
	
	
	
[Signature	Page	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	5	of	8]
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
ROYAL	BANK	OF	CANADA,
as	a	Group	Agent	and	as	a	Committed	Lender
	
By:
/s/	Karen	E.	Stone
Name:
Karen	E.	Stone
Title:
Authorized	Signatory
	
	
By:
/s/	Eric	Wise
Name:
Eric	Wise
Title:
Authorized	Signatory
	
	
	
	
[Signature	Page	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	6	of	8]
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
CREDIT	SUISSE	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH,
as	a	Group	Agent
	
	
By:
/s/	Patrick	Duggan
Name:
Patrick	Duggan
Title:
Vice	President
	
	
By:
/s/	Erin	McCutcheon
Name:
Erin	McCutcheon
Title:
Director
	
	
CREDIT	SUISSE	AG,	CAYMAN	ISLANDS	BRANCH,
as	a	Committed	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Patrick	Duggan
Name:
Patrick	Duggan
Title:
Authorized	Signatory
	
	
By:
/s/	Erin	McCutcheon
Name:
Erin	McCutcheon
Title:
Authorized	Signatory
	
	
GIFS	CAPITAL	COMPANY	LLC,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
	
By:
/s/	Carey	D.	Fear
Name:
Carey	D.	Fear
Title:
Authorized	Signer
	
	
	
[Signature	Page	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	7	of	8]
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
BARCLAYS	BANK	PLC,
as	a	Group	Agent
	
	
By:
/s/	Chin-Yong	Choe
	
Name:	Chin-Yong	Choe
	
Title:	Director
	
	
SALISBURY	RECEIVABLES	COMPANY	LLC,
as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
	
By:
Barclays	Bank	PLC,	as	attorney-in-fact
	
	
By:
/s/	Chin-Yong	Choe
Name:
Chin-Yong	Choe
Title:
Director
	
	
	
[Signature	Page	to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	8	of	8]
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Schedule	1
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
	
Schedule	of	Litigation
None.
	
	
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Schedule	2
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
Schedule	of	Corporate	and	Limited	Liability	Company
Names,	Trade	Names	or	Assumed	Names
With	respect	to	the	Borrower:	LML	2018	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC
	
	
	
Schedule	2-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Schedule	3
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
	
	
Description	of	Electronic	Lease	Vault
	
	
See	attached.
	
Schedule	3-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
eOriginal,	Inc.	Authoritative	Copy	System	Description
As	Integrated	with	DocuSign,	Inc.	Electronic	Signature	Solution
	
The	eContract	
Processes	Background
The	
eOriginal,	Inc.	Authoritative	Copy	System	(the	“
System
”)	enables	the	creation	and	management	of	Authoritative
Copies	and	uses
	a	combination	of	technological	and	administrative	features	in	order	to:	(i)	designate	a	single	copy	of	the
Record	or	Records	comprising	an	
eContract
	as	being	
the	
Authoritative	Copy	of	such	eContract;	(ii)	manage	access	to	and
the	rendering	of	the	Authoritative	Copy;	(iii)	identify	each	entity	
who	has	authorized	access	to	the	System,	(each	such
entity,	a	“
System	User
”);
	(iv)	identify	which	System	User	or	third	party	that	is	not	a	System	User	(each	such	third	party,	a
“
Non-System	User
”)	is	the	Owner	of	Record
	of	the	Authoritative	Copy
;	and	(v)	provide	a	means	for	transferring	record
ownership	of,	and	the	exclusive	right	of	access	to,	the	Authoritative	Copy	from	the	
current	
Owner	of	Record	to	a	successor
Owner	of	Record
	(the	processes	performed	by	the	System	to	execute	the	functions	described	in	the	foregoing	clauses	(i)
through	(v)	are	collectively	referred	to	as	the	“
eContract	Processes
”)
.	The	System	comprises	a	Production	System	and	a
Back-up	System.	The	Production	System	is	accessible	to	System	Users	as	described	herein	and	represents	that	portion	of
the	System	of	which	the	Vault	is	a	part.	The	Production	System	is	backed-up	onto	the	Back-up	System	as	described	in
Section	J
.1.	
below
.
	The	System	gives	each	System	User	and	each	Authoritative	Copy	a	unique	identification	number	and
maintains	such	unique	identification	numbers	in	the	System’s	administrative	database.
The	System	enables	the	creation	and	management	of	Authoritative	Copies,	including	ancillary	electronic	Records	which
amend,	modify,	support	and/or	supplement	Authoritative	Copies	(collectively,	“
eDocuments
”),	and	the	logical	association
of	each	of	the	eDocuments	with	the	applicable	Authoritative	Copy.	The	System	also	enables	the	conversion	of	Authoritative
Copies	and	related	eDocuments	from	electronic	media	to	paper	media,	and	the	conversion	of	Chattel	Paper	and	ancillary
documents	from	paper	media	to	electronic	media	for	management	within	the	System	as	Authoritative	Copies	and
eDocuments.
The	System	is	integrated	with	the	
[***]
	(
[***]
)	to	allow	eContracts	and	eDocuments	created	and,	as	applicable,
electronically	executed	using	
[***]
	to	be	deposited	into	the	System	to	be	managed	as	Authoritative	Copies	and	eDocuments,
respectively.
Glossary	of	Defined	Terms:
[***]
	
A.
Agreements
:
[***]
B.
Integration	with	
[***]
	–	Creation	and	Deposit
:
[***]
C.
eContract	Deposit	and	Verification:
[***]
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
D.
Creation	of	the	Legend
[***]
E.
Vault	Storage	and	Management:
[***]
F.
System	Access:
[***]
G.
Rendering	
of
	Records:
[***]
H.
Authority	of	Owner	of	Record:
[***]
I.
Transfer	or	Export:
[***]
J.
Back-Up
:
[***]
Summary	of	System	Operations
:
Below	is	a	summary
	of	the	eContract	Processes	performed	by	the	System	with	respect	to	a	specific	eContract:
[***]
Integration-Specific	Exceptions:
[***]
	
	
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Schedule	4
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
	
	
Ineligible	Assignees
	
1.
Toyota	Motor	Corporation
2.
General	Motors	Company
3.
Volkswagen	AG
4.
Hyundai	Motor	Company
5.
Ford	Motor	Company
6.
Nissan	Motor	Corporation
7.
Honda	Motor	Co.,	Ltd.
8.
Peugeot	S.A.
9.
Suzuki	Motor	Corporation
10.
Renault	S.A.
11.
Fiat	Chrysler	Automobiles	NV
12.
Daimler	AG
13.
Bayerische	Motoren	Werke	AG
14.
SAIC	Motor	Corporation	Limited
15.
Tata	Motors	Limited
16.
Mazda	Motor	Corporation
17.
Dongfeng	Motor	Corporation
18.
Mitsubishi	Motors	Corporation
19.
Chang'an	Automobile	(Group)	Co	Ltd.
20.
Zhejiang	Geely	Holding	Group	Co.,	Ltd.
21.
Faraday	&	Future	Inc.
22.
Atieva	Inc.
23.
Nio	Inc.
24.
Lucid	Motors,	Inc.
25.
Rivian	Automotive	LLC
	
	
Schedule	4-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
Schedule	5
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
	
	
Insurance	Requirements
	
	
See	the	attached	insurance	certificates.
	
	
	
Schedule	5-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
CERTIFICATE	OF	LIABILITY	INSURANCE
DATE	(MM/DD/YYYY)
12/27/2018
THIS	CERTIFICATE	IS	ISSUED	AS	A	MATTER	OF	INFORMATION	ONLY	AND	CONFERS	NO	RIGHTS	UPON	THE	CERTIFICATE	HOLDER.	THIS	CERTIFICATE
DOES	NOT	AFFIRMATIVELY	OR	NEGATIVELY	AMEND,	EXTEND	OR	ALTER	THE	COVERAGE	AFFORDED	BY	THE	POLICIES	BELOW.	THIS	CERTIFICATE	OF
INSURANCE	DOES	NOT	CONSTITUTE	A	CONTRACT	BETWEEN	THE	ISSUING	INSURER(S),	AUTHORIZED	REPRESENTATIVE	OR	PRODUCER,	AND	THE
CERTIFICATE	HOLDER.
IMPORTANT:		If	the	certificate	holder	is	an	ADDITIONAL	INSURED,	the	policy(ies)	must	have	ADDITIONAL	INSURED	provisions	or	be	endorsed.		If
SUBROGATION	IS	WAIVED,	subject	to	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	policy,	certain	policies	may	require	an	endorsement.	A	statement	on	this	certificate
does	not	confer	rights	to	the	certificate	holder	in	lieu	of	such
	
endorsement(s).
PRODUCER
MARSH	RISK	&	INSURANCE	SERVICES
345	CALIFORNIA	STREET,	SUITE	1300
CALIFORNIA	LICENSE	NO.	0437153
SAN	FRANCISCO,	CA	94104
	
	
[***]
CONTACT
NAME:
PHONE
(A/C,	No,	Ext):
FAX
(A/C,	No):
E-MAIL		
ADDRESS:
INSURER(S)	AFFORDING	COVERAGE
NAIC	#
INSURER	A	:	
N/A
N/A
INSURED
Tesla	Motors,	Inc	
6800	Dumbarton	Circle
Fremont,	CA	94555
INSURER	B	:
	
Zurich	American	Insurance	Company
16535
INSURER	C	:
	Axis	Specialty	Europe
	
INSURER	D	:
	
INSURER	E	:
	
INSURER	F	:
	
	
	
	
	
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
COVERAGES
CERTIFICATE
	
NUMBER:	
SEA-003592721-12
REVISION	NUMBER
:	7
	
	
THIS	IS	TO	CERTIFY	THAT	THE	POLICIES	OF	INSURANCE	LISTED	BELOW	HAVE	BEEN	ISSUED	TO	THE	INSURED	NAMED	ABOVE	FOR	THE	POLICY	PERIOD	INDICATED.	NOTWITHSTANDING	ANY
REQUIREMENT,	TERM	OR	CONDITION	OF	ANY	CONTRACT	OR	OTHER	DOCUMENT	WITH	RESPECT	TO	WHICH	THIS	CERTIFICATE	MAY	BE	ISSUED	OR	MAY	PERTAIN,	THE	INSURANCE	AFFORDED	BY
THE	POLICIES	DESCRIBED	HEREIN	IS	SUBJECT	TO	ALL	THE	TERMS,	EXCLUSIONS	AND	CONDITIONS	OF	SUCH	POLICIES.	LIMITS	SHOWN	MAY	HAVE	BEEN	REDUCED	BY	PAID	CLAIMS.
INSR	LTR
TYPE	OF	INSURANCE
ADDL
INSD
SUBR
WVD
POLICY	NUMBER
POLICY	EFF
(MM/DD/YYYY)
POLICY	EXP
(MM/DD/YYYY)
LIMITS
B
[***]
	
	
[***]
10/31/2018
10/31/2019
[***]
[***]
$
B
[***]
	
	
[***]
10/31/2018
10/31/2019
[***]
[***]
C
[***]
	
	
[***]
10/31/2018
10/31/2019
[***]
[***]
	
[***]
	
	
N	/	A
	
	
	
	
[***]
	
$
$
$
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
DESCRIPTION	OF	OPERATIONS	/	LOCATIONS	/	VEHICLES	(ACORD	101,	Additional	Remarks	Schedule,	may	be	attached	if	more	space	is	required)
Tesla	Lease	Trust	is	a	wholly	owned	subsidiary	of	Tesla	Motors	Inc
CERTIFICATE	HOLDER
CANCELLATION
	
Tesla	Lease	Trust
6800	Dumbarton	Circle
Fremont,	CA	94555
SHOULD	ANY	OF	THE	ABOVE	DESCRIBED	POLICIES	BE	CANCELLED	BEFORE	THE	EXPIRATION	DATE	THEREOF,	NOTICE	WILL	BE
DELIVERED	IN	ACCORDANCE	WITH	THE	POLICY	PROVISIONS.
AUTHORIZED	REPRESENTATIVE
of	Marsh	Risk	&	Insurance	Services
/s/	Stephanie	Guaiumi
																																																																																																																																																																																																																						©	1988-2016	ACORD	CORPORATION.	All	rights	reserved.
ACORD	25	(2016/03)																																																																																									The	ACORD	name	and	logo	are	registered	marks	of	ACORD
	
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
CERTIFICATE	OF	LIABILITY	INSURANCE
DATE	(MM/DD/YYYY)
12/27/2018
THIS	CERTIFICATE	IS	ISSUED	AS	A	MATTER	OF	INFORMATION	ONLY	AND	CONFERS	NO	RIGHTS	UPON	THE	CERTIFICATE	HOLDER.	THIS	CERTIFICATE
DOES	NOT	AFFIRMATIVELY	OR	NEGATIVELY	AMEND,	EXTEND	OR	ALTER	THE	COVERAGE	AFFORDED	BY	THE	POLICIES	BELOW.	THIS	CERTIFICATE	OF
INSURANCE	DOES	NOT	CONSTITUTE	A	CONTRACT	BETWEEN	THE	ISSUING	INSURER(S),	AUTHORIZED	REPRESENTATIVE	OR	PRODUCER,	AND	THE
CERTIFICATE	HOLDER.
IMPORTANT:		If	the	certificate	holder	is	an	ADDITIONAL	INSURED,	the	policy(ies)	must	have	ADDITIONAL	INSURED	provisions	or	be	endorsed.		If
SUBROGATION	IS	WAIVED,	subject	to	the	terms	and	conditions	of	the	policy,	certain	policies	may	require	an	endorsement.	A	statement	on	this	certificate
does	not	confer	rights	to	the	certificate	holder	in	lieu	of	such
	
endorsement(s).
PRODUCER
MARSH	RISK	&	INSURANCE	SERVICES
345	CALIFORNIA	STREET,	SUITE	1300
CALIFORNIA	LICENSE	NO.	0437153
SAN	FRANCISCO,	CA	94104
	
[***]
CONTACT
NAME:
PHONE
	
(A/C,	No,	Ext):
FAX	
(A/C,	No):
E-MAIL		
ADDRESS:
INSURER(S)	AFFORDING	COVERAGE
NAIC	#
INSURER	A	:
Zurich	American	Insurance	Company
16535
INSURED
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
6800	Dumbarton	Circle
Fremont,	CA	94555
INSURER	B	:
N/A
	
INSURER	C	:	
N/A
	
INSURER	D	:	
National	Union	Fire	Ins	Co	Pittsburgh	PA
19445
INSURER	E	:
	
INSURER	F	:
	
	
	
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
COVERAGES
CERTIFICATE
	
NUMBER:	
SEA-003592716-01
REVISION	NUMBER
:	9
	
THIS	IS	TO	CERTIFY	THAT	THE	POLICIES	OF	INSURANCE	LISTED	BELOW	HAVE	BEEN	ISSUED	TO	THE	INSURED	NAMED	ABOVE	FOR	THE	POLICY	PERIOD	INDICATED.	NOTWITHSTANDING	ANY
REQUIREMENT,	TERM	OR	CONDITION	OF	ANY	CONTRACT	OR	OTHER	DOCUMENT	WITH	RESPECT	TO	WHICH	THIS	CERTIFICATE	MAY	BE	ISSUED	OR	MAY	PERTAIN,	THE	INSURANCE	AFFORDED	BY
THE	POLICIES	DESCRIBED	HEREIN	IS	SUBJECT	TO	ALL	THE	TERMS,	EXCLUSIONS	AND	CONDITIONS	OF	SUCH	POLICIES.	LIMITS	SHOWN	MAY	HAVE	BEEN	REDUCED	BY	PAID	CLAIMS.
INSR	LTR
TYPE	OF	INSURANCE
ADDL
INSD
SUBR
WVD
POLICY	NUMBER
POLICY	EFF
(MM/DD/YYYY)
POLICY	EXP
(MM/DD/YYYY)
LIMITS
A
[***]
	
	
[***]
10/31/2018
10/31/2019
[***]
[***]
A
[***]
	
	
[***]
10/31/2018
10/31/2019
[***]
[***]
B
[***]
	
	
[***]
10/31/2018
10/31/2019
[***]
[***]
	
[***]
	
	
N	/	A
	
	
	
	
[***]
	
$
$
$
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
DESCRIPTION	OF	OPERATIONS	/	LOCATIONS	/	VEHICLES	(ACORD	101,	Additional	Remarks	Schedule,	may	be	attached	if	more	space	is	required)
Issued	as	Evidence	of	Insurance.		
CERTIFICATE	HOLDER
CANCELLATION
	
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
6800	Dumbarton	Circle
Fremont,	CA	94555
SHOULD	ANY	OF	THE	ABOVE	DESCRIBED	POLICIES	BE	CANCELLED	BEFORE	THE	EXPIRATION	DATE	THEREOF,	NOTICE	WILL	BE	DELIVERED	IN
ACCORDANCE	WITH	THE	POLICY	PROVISIONS.
AUTHORIZED	REPRESENTATIVE
of	Marsh	Risk	&	Insurance	Services
/s/	Stephanie	Guaiumi
																																																																																																																																																																																																																						©	1988-2016	ACORD	CORPORATION.	All	rights	reserved.
ACORD	25	(2016/03)																																																																																									The	ACORD	name	and	logo	are	registered	marks	of	ACORD
	
	
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
EVIDENCE	OF	
[***]
	INSURANCE
DATE	(MM/DD/YYYY)
12/27/2018
THIS	EVIDENCE	OF	
[***]
	INSURANCE	IS	ISSUED	AS	A	MATTER	OF	INFORMATION	ONLY	AND	CONFERS	NO	RIGHTS	UPON	THE	ADDITIONAL	INTEREST
NAMED	BELOW.	THIS	EVIDENCE	DOES	NOT	AFFIRMATIVELY	OR	NEGATIVELY	AMEND,	EXTEND	OR	ALTER	THE	COVERAGE	AFFORDED	BY	THE	POLICIES
BELOW.	THIS	EVIDENCE	OF	INSURANCE	DOES	NOT	CONSTITUTE	A	CONTRACT	BETWEEN	THE	ISSUING	INSURER(S),	AUTHORIZED	REPRESENTATIVE
OR	PRODUCER,	AND	THE	ADDITIONAL	INTEREST.
AGENCY
PHONE
415-743-8000
(A/C,	No,	Ext):
COMPANY
Zurich	American	Insurance	Company
MARSH	RISK	&	INSURANCE	SERVICES
345	CALIFORNIA	STREET,	SUITE	1300
CALIFORNIA	LICENSE	NO.	0437153
SAN	FRANCISCO,	CA	94104
[***]
FAX
(A/C,	No):
E-MAIL	ADDRESS:
CODE:
SUB	CODE:
AGENCY
CUSTOMER	ID	#:
INSURED
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
6800	Dumbarton	Circle	Fremont,	CA	94555
LOAN	NUMBER
POLICY	NUMBER
[***]
EFFECTIVE	DATE
10/31/2018
EXPIRATION	DATE
10/31/2019
	
CONTINUED	UNTIL
	
TERMINATED	IF	CHECKED
THIS	REPLACES	PRIOR	EVIDENCE	DATED:
[***]
	INFORMATION
LOCATION/DESCRIPTION
THE	POLICIES	OF	INSURANCE	LISTED	BELOW	HAVE	BEEN	ISSUED	TO	THE	INSURED	NAMED	ABOVE	FOR	THE	POLICY	PERIOD	INDICATED.	NOTWITHSTANDING	ANY	REQUIREMENT,
TERM	OR	CONDITION	OF	ANY	CONTRACT	OR	OTHER	DOCUMENT	WITH	RESPECT	TO	WHICH	THIS	EVIDENCE	OF	[***]	INSURANCE	MAY	BE	ISSUED	OR	MAY	PERTAIN,	THE	INSURANCE
AFFORDED	BY	THE	POLICIES	DESCRIBED	HEREIN	IS	SUBJECT	TO	ALL	THE	TERMS,	EXCLUSIONS	AND	CONDITIONS	OF	SUCH	POLICIES.	LIMITS	SHOWN	MAY	HAVE	BEEN	REDUCED	BY
PAID	CLAIMS.
	
COVERAGE	INFORMATION							PERILS	INSURED2610		
☐
							BASIC		
☐
									
BROAD		
☒
		SPECIAL		
☐
	
COVERAGE	/	PERILS	/	FORMS
AMOUNT	OF	INSURANCE
DEDUCTIBLE
[***]
[***]
[***]
REMARKS	(Including	Special	Conditions)
	
Issued	as	Evidence	of	Insurance.
	
CANCELLATION
	
SHOULD	ANY	OF	THE	ABOVE	DESCRIBED	POLICIES	BE	CANCELLED	BEFORE	THE	EXPIRATION	DATE	THEREOF,	NOTICE	WILL	BE	DELIVERED	IN
ACCORDANCE	WITH	THE	POLICY
	
PROVISIONS.
	
ADDITIONAL	INTEREST
SEA-003592722-01
	
	
NAME	AND	ADDRESS
Tesla	Motors,	Inc.
6800	Dumbarton	Circle
Fremont,	CA	94555
	
ADDITIONAL	INSURED
MORTGAGEE
	
LENDER’S	LOSS	PAYABLE
	
LOSS	PAYEE
	
	
	
	
LOAN	#
AUTHORIZED			REPRESENTATIVE
of	Marsh	Risk	&	Insurance	Services
/s/	David	N.	Heath
	
	
ACORD	27	(2016/03)																																																																																																																																																																																																																								©	1993-2016	ACORD	CORPORATION.	All	rights	reserved.
																																																																																																												The	ACORD	name	and	logo	are	registered	marks	of	ACORD
	
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
EVIDENCE	
OF	
[***]
	INSURANCE
DATE	(MM/DD/YYYY)
12/27/2018
THIS	EVIDENCE	OF	
[***]
	INSURANCE	IS	ISSUED	AS	A	MATTER	OF	INFORMATION	ONLY	AND	CONFERS	NO	RIGHTS	UPON	THE	ADDITIONAL	INTEREST
NAMED	BELOW.	THIS	EVIDENCE	DOES	NOT	AFFIRMATIVELY	OR	NEGATIVELY	AMEND,	EXTEND	OR	ALTER	THE	COVERAGE	AFFORDED	BY	THE	POLICIES
BELOW.	THIS	EVIDENCE	OF	INSURANCE	DOES	NOT	CONSTITUTE	A	CONTRACT	BETWEEN	THE	ISSUING	INSURER(S),	AUTHORIZED	REPRESENTATIVE
OR	PRODUCER,	AND	THE	ADDITIONAL	INTEREST.
AGENCY
PHONE								
415-743-8000
(A/C,	No,	Ext):
COMPANY
Zurich	American	Insurance	Company
MARSH	RISK	&	INSURANCE	SERVICES
345	CALIFORNIA	STREET,	SUITE	1300
CALIFORNIA	LICENSE	NO.	0437153
SAN	FRANCISCO,	CA	94104
[***]
FAX
(A/C,	No):
E-MAIL	ADDRESS:
CODE:
SUB	CODE:
AGENCY
CUSTOMER	ID	#:
INSURED
Tesla	Motors,	Inc,
6800	Dumbarton	Circle
Fremont,	CA	94555
LOAN	NUMBER
POLICY	NUMBER
[***]
EFFECTIVE	DATE
10/31/2018
EXPIRATION	DATE
10/31/2019
	
CONTINUED	UNTIL
	
TERMINATED	IF	CHECKED
THIS	REPLACES	PRIOR	EVIDENCE	DATED:
[***]
	INFORMATION
	
LOCATION/DESCRIPTION
THE	POLICIES	OF	INSURANCE	LISTED	BELOW	HAVE	BEEN	ISSUED	TO	THE	INSURED	NAMED	ABOVE	FOR	THE	POLICY	PERIOD	INDICATED.	NOTWITHSTANDING	ANY	REQUIREMENT,
TERM	OR	CONDITION	OF	ANY	CONTRACT	OR	OTHER	DOCUMENT	WITH	RESPECT	TO	WHICH	THIS	EVIDENCE	OF	
[***]
	INSURANCE	MAY	BE	ISSUED	OR	MAY	PERTAIN,	THE	INSURANCE
AFFORDED	BY	THE	POLICIES	DESCRIBED	HEREIN	IS	SUBJECT	TO	ALL	THE	TERMS,	EXCLUSIONS	AND	CONDITIONS	OF	SUCH	POLICIES.	LIMITS	SHOWN	MAY	HAVE	BEEN	REDUCED	BY
PAID	CLAIMS.
	
COVERAGE	INFORMATION							PERILS	INSURED			
☐
			
					
BASI			
										BROAD			
☒
										SPECIAL			
☐
COVERAGE	/	PERILS	/	FORM	S
AMOUNT	OF
INSURANCE
DEDUCTIBLE
[***]
[***]
[***]
REMARKS	(Including	Special	Conditions)
	
Deutsche	Bank	AG	New	York	Branch,	as	collateral	agent	is	lenders	loss	payable	as	required	by	written	contract.
	
	
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
CANCELLATION
	
SHOULD	ANY	OF	THE	ABOVE	DESCRIBED	POLICIES	BE	CANCELLED	BEFORE	THE	EXPIRATION	DATE	THEREOF,	NOTICE	WILL	BE	DELIVERED	IN
ACCORDANCE	WITH	THE	POLICY
	
PROVISIONS.
	
	
ADDITIONAL	INTEREST																																			
SEA-003592725-02
NAME	AND	ADDRESS
Deutsche	Bank	AG	New	York	Branch,	as	collateral
agent	Attention:		Phelecia	Parker
60	Wall	Street
New	York	NY	10005
	
	
ADDITIONAL
INSURED
MORTGAGEE
x
LENDER’S	LOSS
PAYABLE
	
LOSS	PAYEE
	
	
	
	
LOAN	#
AUTHORIZED			REPRESENTATIVE
of	Marsh	Risk	&	Insurance	Services
/s/	David	N.	Heath
ACORD	27	(2016/03)																																																																																																																																																																																																							©	1993-2016	ACORD	CORPORATION.	All	rights	reserved.
																																																																																																												The	ACORD	name	and	logo	are	registered	marks	of	ACORD
	
	
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Schedule	6
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
	
	
	
Notice	Addresses
	
	
Borrower
:
	
c/o	Tesla,	Inc.
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	CA	94304
Attention:	General	Counsel
	
With	a	copy	to
Tesla,	Inc.
6800	Dumbarton	Circle
Fremont,	CA	94555
Attention:	Legal,	Finance
	
TFL
:
	
c/o	Tesla,	Inc.
3500	Deer	Creek	Road
Palo	Alto,	CA	94304
Attention:	General	Counsel
	
With	a	copy	to
Tesla,	Inc.
6800	Dumbarton	Circle
Fremont,	CA	94555
Attention:	Legal,	Finance
	
Administrative	Agent
:
	
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch
60	Wall	Street,	5
th
	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10005
Tel:	(212)	250-3001
Fax:	(212)	797-5300
Attention:	Katherine	Bologna
Email:	
abs.conduits@db.com
	and	
katherine.bologna@db.com
	
	
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	Lender
:
	
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch
Schedule	6-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
60	Wall	Street,	5
th
	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10005
Tel:	(212)	250-3001
Fax:	(212)	797-5300
Attention:	Katherine	Bologna
Email:	
abs.conduits@db.com
	and	
katherine.bologna@db.com
	
Paying	Agent
:
	
Deutsche	Bank	Trust	Company	Americas
Deutsche	Bank	National	Trust	Company
Global	Securities	Services	(GSS)
100	Plaza	One,	8th	Floor
Mail	stop:	JCY03-0801
Jersey	City,	New	Jersey	07311-3901
Tel:	+1	(201)	593-8420
Fax:	+1	(212)	553-2458
Email:	
michele.hy.voon@db.com
	
Citibank,	N.A.,	CAFCO,	LLC,	CHARTA,	LLC,	CIESCO,	LLC,	CRC	Funding,	LLC,		as	Lenders
:
	
c/o	Citibank,	N.A.
Global	Securitized	Products
750	Washington	Blvd.,	8
th
	Floor
Stamford,	CT	06901
Attention:	Robert	Kohl
Telephone:	203-975-6383
Email:	
Robert.kohl@citi.com
	
c/o	Citibank,	N.A.
Global	Loans	–	Conduit	Operations
1615	Brett	Road	Ops	Building	3
New	Castle,	DE	19720
Telephone:	302-323-3125
Email:	
conditoperations@citi.com
	
Schedule	6-2
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Credit	Suisse	AG,	New	York	Branch	/	Credit	Suisse	AG,	Cayman	Islands	Branch
:
	
c/o	Credit	Suisse	AG,	New	York	Branch
11	Madison	Avenue,	4th	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10010
Telephone:	212-325-0432
Attention:	Kenneth	Aiani
Email:	
kenneth.aiani@credit-suisse.com
;	
patrick.duggan@credit-suisse.com
;	
list.afconduitreports@credit-suisse.com
;
abcp.monitoring@credit-suisse.com
	
GIFS	Capital	Company
:
227	West	Monroe	Street,	Suite	4900
Chicago,	IL	60696
Telephone:	312-977-4588
Attention:	Mark	Matthews
Email:	
mark.matthews@guggenheimpartners.com
	
Royal	Bank	of	Canada
:
	
c/o	RBC	Capital	Markets
200	Vesey	Street
New	York,	New	York	10281
Attention:	Angela	Nimoh
Telephone:	212-428-6296
Fax:	212-428-6308
Email:	
conduit.management@rbccm.com
;	
rgeoghegan@rbccm.com
;	
angela.nimoh@rbccm.com
;	
sofia.shields@rbccm.com
	
Barclays	Bank	PLC	/	Salisbury	Receivables	Company	LLC
:
	
c/o	Barclays	Bank	PLC
745	Seventh	Avenue,	5th	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10019
Telephone:	212-526-7161
Email:	
asgreports@barclays.com
;	
barcapconduitops@barclays.com
;	
john.j.mccarty@barclays.com
;
martin.attea@barclays.com
;	
jonathan.wu@barclays.com
;	
david.hisrchy@barclays.com
;	
eric.k.chang@barclays.com
;
eugene.golant@barclays.com
.
	
	
	
Schedule	6-3
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Schedule	7
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
	
	
Credit	and	Collection	Policy
	
	
See	attached.
	
	
	
Schedule	7-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Tes
l
a
	
F
i
nance
	
LLC	
C
red
i
t	and
	
C
o
ll
ec
ti
ons
	
P
o
li
cy
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
E
ff
e
c
t
i
v
e
	
Dece
m
ber	20
1
8
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
T
ab
l
e	
o
f	
C
on
t
en
ts
	
	
	
	
Pa
g
e
1.
Mission
	
a
n
d	P
h
i
l
oso
p
h
y
4
2.
Cr
e
d
it
	
Po
li
c
y
4
A
C
o
v
e
r
e
d
	
P
r
o
du
cts
4
B
Ge
n
eral
	
Po
l
i
cy
	
S
tat
e
m
e
n
t
5
C
Risk
	
F
r
a
m
e
w
o
r
k
	
a
n
d	
App
et
i
te
5
D
Cr
e
d
it
	
De
p
ar
t
me
n
t
	
R
o
les
	
a
n
d	R
e
s
p
o
n
si
b
iliti
e
s
6
E
Cr
e
d
it
	
De
cis
i
o
n
i
n
g
6
i.
C
o
m
p
lete
	
Cr
e
d
it
	App
licati
o
n
6
ii.
Cr
e
d
it
	
B
u
r
e
au
	
H
ist
o
r
y
7
iii.
Lease
	
[***]	
S
y
s
t
e
m
8
iv.
U
n
sc
o
r
e
d
	
App
licati
o
n
s
8
v.
Cr
e
d
it
	
An
al
y
s
i
s
8
vi.
Ad
ve
rse	Act
i
o
ns
	
R
e
as
o
ns
9
F
Le
nd
i
n
g	[***],	
A
u
t
h
ori
t
y,	
a
n
d	Exce
p
t
i
o
n
s
10
i.
Lease
	
Cre
d
it
	App
r
o
val	
Au
t
h
ority
10
ii.
U
n
sc
o
r
e
d
11
iii.
C
o
m
m
e
rcial
	
Le
asi
n
g
11
iv.
Auto	
De
cis
i
o
ning
12
v.
High	Risk
	
Cr
e
dit	Applications
13
vi.
P
o
te
n
tial	
S
ki
p
/
F
ra
u
d	
App
li
c
atio
n
s
13
vii.
D
o
wn	
P
a
y
me
n
t
	
a
n
d	Tra
d
e-
I
n
s
13
viii.
Exce
p
t
i
o
n	
Au
t
h
o
rity
	
a
n
d	
P
r
o
ce
s
s
14
G
Fair	
Le
nding	and	R
e
gula
t
o
r
y
	
C
om
plian
c
e
14
i.
Ge
n
eral
	
Po
l
i
cy
	
S
tat
e
m
e
n
t
14
ii.
Applicant
	
N
o
tific
a
ti
o
n
	
Le
tt
e
rs
14
iii.
Audit
	Po
l
i
cy
15
iv.
Re
c
o
r
d
s
	
R
e
te
n
t
i
o
n
16
H
Ori
g
i
n
ati
o
n
	
Me
tr
i
cs
16
3.
C
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
s
	
a
n
d	
S
e
r
v
i
ci
n
g	
P
o
licy
16
A
G
e
n
e
ral
	
Po
l
i
cy
	
S
tat
e
me
n
t
17
B
Loss
	
M
i
ti
g
ation
	
De
p
a
r
t
m
e
n
t	Ro
l
es	a
n
d	
R
es
p
o
n
si
b
ilit
i
es
17
C
C
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
s
	
Tr
e
a
t
m
e
n
t
	
S
tr
at
e
g
y
	
a
n
d
	
P
lan
17
i.
I
n
itial	
De
li
nqu
e
n
c
y/
C
u
s
t
om
e
r	
S
e
r
v
ice
	
Call
18
ii.
F
o
r
m
al
	
D
ai
l
y
	
C
o
lle
c
ti
o
n	
A
ct
i
v
ity
18
iii.
C
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
s
	
Risk
	
S
tra
te
g
y
18
iv.
Deli
nqu
e
n
cy
	
Lif
e
cyc
l
e	
A
c
ti
v
ity
18
v.
E
n
d	
o
f	
T
e
r
m
	
P
a
y
me
n
t
	
C
o
ll
e
cti
o
n
s
19
vi.
E
n
d	
o
f	
T
e
r
m
	
F
e
e
s
	
C
o
lle
c
ti
on
s
21
vii.
C
u
st
o
me
r
	
C
o
n
t
act
	
a
n
d
	
D
o
c
u
me
n
tat
i
o
n
	
P
o
licy
21
viii.
T
e
le
ph
o
n
e
	
C
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
	
P
o
li
c
y
22
D
Ba
n
kr
up
tcy
	
H
a
nd
li
n
g
22
E
R
e
p
o
s
s
e
ss
i
o
n	a
n
d	Rei
n
s
ta
t
e
m
e
n
t
23
F
Fair	
De
bt	C
o
l
l
e
ct
i
o
n	and	
Re
gulat
o
ry	Co
m
pliance
24
i.
Trai
n
i
n
g
25
ii.
C
u
st
o
m
er
	
L
e
tte
r
s
25
iii.
Audit
	Po
l
i
cy
25
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
iv
.
Re
c
o
r
d
s
	
R
e
te
n
t
i
o
n
25
G
C
h
ar
g
e
-
o
ff
	
P
o
licy
26
H
Lease
	
E
x
te
n
s
i
on	
P
oli
c
y
26
I
Lease
	
Re
pu
rc
h
a
s
e
	
Poli
c
y
26
J
I
n
s
u
ra
n
ce
	
Tra
c
ki
n
g	
P
o
licy
26
K
C
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
s
	
a
n
d	
P
o
r
t
f
o
lio
	
M
a
n
a
g
eme
n
t
	
M
e
trics
27
	
	
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
T
E
S
LA
	FI
N
A
NC
E
	
C
RE
D
I
T
	
A
N
D
	C
O
L
L
E
C
TI
O
N
S
	
P
O
L
I
C
Y
	
1.		
	
M
I
SS
I
O
N
	
A
N
D	P
H
IL
OSO
P
H
Y
	
T
h
e
	
pu
r
po
se
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
C
r
e
d
it	a
n
d
	
C
o
l
l
e
ct
i
o
n
s
	
P
o
licy
	
is
	
t
o
	
p
r
ov
i
d
e
	
T
e
sla
	
F
i
n
a
n
ce
	
L
L
C
	
(
also
	
r
e
f
e
r
r
e
d
	
to
	
as
	
T
e
sla	
F
i
n
a
n
ce
	
o
r
	
T
F
L
)
	
w
ith
	
an
o
r
g
a
n
i
z
e
d
	
a
n
d
	
r
e
p
e
ata
b
le
	
p
ractice
	o
f
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
a
d
j
ud
icati
o
n
	
a
n
d
	
p
o
r
t
f
o
lio	
m
a
n
a
g
e
me
n
t
	
p
ract
i
c
e
s
	
in
	
s
upp
o
rt
	
o
f
	
T
e
sla
	
v
e
h
icle
	
sa
l
e
s
	
a
n
d
p
r
o
fita
b
ili
t
y
,
	
b
ra
n
d	
e
x
p
e
ri
e
n
c
e
	
a
n
d
	
l
o
y
al
t
y
.	T
F
L
	
und
e
r
w
rit
e
s
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
d
ec
isi
o
n
s
	
o
n
	
b
e
h
alf	
o
f,
	
a
n
d
	
a
c
ts
	
as
	
t
h
e
	
s
e
r
v
i
c
e
r
	
f
o
r,
	
T
e
sla
	
Le
a
se
Tr
u
st
	
(
T
L
T).
	
T
h
is	
p
o
licy
	
h
e
l
p
s
	
e
s
t
a
b
lish
	
a
u
t
h
o
rit
y
,
	
r
u
l
e
s,
	
p
r
o
c
e
ss
	
a
n
d
	
t
h
e
	
fr
a
m
e
w
o
rk
	
to
	
o
ri
g
i
n
at
e
,
	
m
a
n
a
g
e
,
	
a
n
d
	
li
qu
i
d
ate
	
t
h
e	lease
p
o
r
tf
o
l
i
o
	
e
f
f
e
ct
i
ve
l
y
.
	
It
	
is
	
b
as
e
d
	
o
n
	
s
o
un
d
	
a
n
d
	
e
sta
b
lis
h
e
d
	
le
nd
i
n
g
	
a
n
d
	
c
o
llecti
o
n
	
p
ra
c
tic
e
s
	
w
h
ile	
o
p
e
ra
t
i
n
g
	
w
it
h
in
	
t
h
e
	
l
i
m
i
tati
o
n
s
o
f
	
r
e
gu
la
t
o
ry
	
r
e
q
u
ir
eme
n
ts.
	
It
	
is,
	
h
o
w
e
v
e
r
,
	
no
t
	
a
	
c
o
m
p
r
e
h
e
n
s
i
v
e	i
n
t
e
r
p
r
e
tat
i
o
n	
o
f
	
s
p
e
cific
	
l
a
w
s
	
a
n
d
	
r
e
gu
lat
i
o
n
s
	
g
o
v
e
r
n
i
n
g
	
t
h
e
bu
si
n
e
ss
	
bu
t
	
is,
	
rat
h
e
r,
	
a
	
h
i
gh
-
	
t
o
	
me
d
i
u
m
-	le
ve
l
	
d
isc
u
ssi
o
n
	
o
f
	
i
n
t
e
n
t,
	
p
ractic
e
,
	
a
n
d	
c
om
p
lia
n
c
e
.
	
W
h
ile
	
c
e
r
tain
	
r
o
l
e
s
	
h
a
v
e	s
p
e
cific
	
f
un
ct
i
o
n
al
	
r
e
s
p
o
n
si
b
ilities,
	
risk	
m
a
n
a
g
e
m
e
n
t
	
g
e
n
e
rally
	
is
	
a
	
s
h
a
r
e
d	r
e
s
p
o
n
si
b
ili
t
y
	
ac
r
o
ss	t
h
e
o
r
g
a
n
i
z
ati
o
n
.
	
Alt
h
o
ug
h
	
c
r
e
d
it	a
n
d
	
c
o
l
l
e
ct
i
o
n
s
	
a
r
e
	
d
isti
n
c
t
ly
	
s
e
p
ar
a
te	f
un
cti
o
n
s	in	t
h
e
	
p
r
o
du
ct
	
li
f
e
c
y
c
l
e
,
	
it
	
is
	
i
m
p
e
ra
t
i
v
e	t
h
at
	
t
h
e
r
e
	
b
e
f
u
ll
	
ali
gn
me
n
t,
	
c
o
mm
un
ic
a
t
i
o
n
,
	
a
n
d
	
tra
n
s
p
ar
e
n
c
y
	
o
n	
o
v
e
rall
	
g
o
a
l
s,
	
act
i
o
n
s,
	
a
n
d	
p
e
rf
o
r
m
a
n
ce
	o
f	t
h
e
	
p
o
r
t
f
o
li
o
.	T
h
is
	
is
	
ac
c
o
m
p
lis
h
e
d
t
h
r
o
ug
h
	
a
	
r
e
gu
lar
	
a
n
d	fr
e
qu
e
n
t
	
f
e
e
db
ack
	
l
o
o
p	
b
e
t
wee
n
	
t
h
e
	
tw
o
	
f
un
ct
i
o
n
s
	
at
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
r
o
p
ria
t
e
	
l
e
ve
l
s.
	
T
h
is
	
p
o
l
i
cy
	
is
	
i
n
t
e
nd
e
d	
t
o
	
s
e
r
v
e
	
as
	
a	
b
asic
	
a
n
d
	
p
ra
c
tic
a
l
	
m
a
nu
al.
	
Ho
w
e
ve
r,
	
n
o
	
d
o
c
u
me
n
t
	
can	f
u
lly
	
r
e
p
la
c
e
:	
p
r
ud
e
n
t
	
bu
si
n
e
ss
j
udgm
e
n
t
;
	
s
o
un
d
	
ass
e
s
s
me
n
t
	
o
f
	
a
	
b
o
rr
o
w
e
r’s
	
a
b
ili
t
y
,
	
ca
p
a
cit
y
,
	
a
n
d
	
w
illi
ngn
e
ss
	
t
o
	
p
a
y
;
	
o
r	
e
ffect
i
v
e
	
d
e
cisi
o
n	
m
aki
n
g	a
b
o
u
t
	
a
	
s
p
e
cific
c
r
e
d
it
	
r
e
qu
e
st
	
o
r
	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
c
y
	
r
e
s
o
l
u
t
i
o
n
	
acti
v
i
ty
	
t
h
at
	
is	a
pp
r
o
p
riate
	
t
o
	
t
h
e
	
sit
u
at
i
o
n
	
a
n
d
	
t
h
e
	
n
e
e
d
s
	o
f	
bo
th	t
h
e
	
b
o
rr
o
we
r	a
n
d	T
F
L
.
T
h
e
	
r
o
l
e
s
	
a
n
d	i
n
c
e
n
t
i
ve
s
	
o
f	t
h
e	
v
ari
o
u
s
	
f
un
ct
i
o
n
s
	
are
	
d
e
si
g
n
e
d	to
	
p
r
o
v
i
d
e
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
r
o
p
riate
	
ali
gn
me
n
t,
	
un
ity
	
o
f
	
p
u
r
p
o
s
e
,
	
a
n
d	c
h
e
ck
a
n
d	
b
ala
n
ce
	
t
o
	
m
ax
i
m
i
z
e
	
t
h
e
	
b
e
n
efit
	
t
o
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
m
p
a
n
y
.
	
2.		
	
CRE
D
I
T
	
P
O
L
I
C
Y
	
A.		
	
C
o
v
e
r
e
d	
P
r
odu
cts
	
T
h
e
	
T
e
sla	
Le
a
s
e
	
p
r
o
du
ct
	
c
o
ve
rs
	
i
nd
i
v
i
du
al
	
a
n
d
	
j
o
i
n
t
	
c
on
s
u
me
r
	
leasi
ng
,
	
s
m
all
	
bu
s
i
n
e
ss
	
l
e
asi
n
g
	
a
n
d	c
o
m
m
e
rcial
	
l
e
asi
ng
.
	
C
o
n
s
u
me
r
l
e
asi
n
g
	
is
	
i
n
t
e
nd
e
d
	
f
o
r	c
o
n
s
um
e
rs
	
–
	
i
nd
i
v
i
du
ally
	
a
n
d
	
j
o
i
n
tly
	
–	
w
h
o	
w
ish
	
to
	
l
e
ase	t
h
e
ir
	
T
e
sla
	
v
e
h
icle.
	
S
m
all
	
bu
si
n
e
ss
	
l
e
asi
n
g
	
is
i
n
t
e
nd
e
d
	
f
o
r	
ow
n
e
rs
	
a
n
d
	
p
ri
n
ci
p
als
	
o
f	s
m
all
	
a
n
d	
me
d
i
u
m
	
si
z
e
d	
e
n
t
e
r
p
ris
e
s
	w
h
o
	
w
ish
	
t
o
	
l
e
a
se
	
a
	ve
h
icle
	
j
o
i
n
t
l
y
	
w
ith
	
t
h
e
ir
	
bu
si
n
e
ss.
T
h
is	
m
ay
	
all
o
w
	
t
h
e
	
f
l
e
xi
b
ility
	
t
o
	
d
e
du
ct
	
s
o
m
e
	
o
r
	
all
	
o
f
	
l
e
ase
	
p
a
y
me
n
t
s
	
fr
o
m
	
bu
si
n
e
ss
	
i
n
c
o
m
e
	
tax
e
s	(c
u
st
om
e
rs
	
are
	
a
l
w
a
y
s
e
n
c
o
u
ra
g
e
d
	
t
o
	
c
o
n
s
u
lt	
w
ith
	
a	tax
	
p
r
o
f
e
ssi
o
n
al
	
t
o
	
und
e
r
s
ta
n
d
	
t
h
e
ir
	
ow
n	
p
ar
t
ic
u
lar
	
sit
u
at
i
o
n
	
a
n
d
	
el
i
g
i
b
ilit
y
).	
T
h
e
	
le
s
see
	
will
	
b
e	
t
h
e
bu
si
n
ess
	
a
n
d
	
t
h
e
	
co-less
	
w
ill
	
b
e
	
t
h
e	
bu
si
n
e
ss
	
ow
n
e
r
s
	
o
r
	
p
ri
n
ci
p
al.
	
Cr
e
d
it	
wo
r
t
h
i
n
e
ss
	
w
ill
	
b
e
	
s
o
le
l
y
	
e
v
al
u
at
e
d
	
b
as
e
d
	
o
n
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
-
les
s
ee,	
w
h
o
	
i
s
	
t
h
e
	
bu
si
n
e
ss	
ow
n
e
r
	
o
r
	
p
ri
n
ci
p
al.
	
C
om
me
rc
i
al
	
leasi
n
g
	
is
	
a
	
p
r
o
du
ct
	
o
f
f
e
r
e
d
	
t
o
	
we
ll-	
e
sta
b
lis
h
e
d
	
a
n
d
	
si
gn
ifica
n
t	si
z
e
d
bu
si
n
e
ss
e
s
	
w
h
o
	
w
ish
	
to
	
l
e
ase
	
in
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
m
p
a
n
y
’s	
n
a
m
e
	
o
n
ly
	
a
n
d	
w
ith
	
n
o
	
c
o
-
bu
ye
r.
	
T
h
is
	
al
l
o
w
s
	
f
o
r
	
t
h
e
	
u
se
	
o
f
	
C
-s
u
i
t
e
	
e
x
ec
u
ti
v
es.
	
T
h
is
p
r
o
du
ct
	
is
	
o
f
f
ered
	
o
n
	
a
	
li
m
i
ted	
b
asis
	
up
o
n	r
e
qu
e
st.
	
B.		
	
G
ene
r
a
l
	
P
oli
cy
	
S
t
a
t
e
m
ent
	
T
F
L
’s
	
p
o
l
i
cy
	
is
	
t
o
	
r
e
v
i
e
w
	
a
n
d
	
c
o
n
si
d
e
r
	
all
	
a
pp
licat
i
o
n
s
	
f
o
r
	
L
e
as
e
s
	
s
u
b
m
it
t
e
d
	
o
n
	
t
h
e
	
T
e
sla
	
p
o
r
tal
	
a
n
d	
p
r
o
c
e
s
s
e
d
	
t
h
r
o
ug
h
	
t
h
e
L
o
a
n
/Le
a
se
	
Ori
g
i
n
ati
o
n
	
S
y
s
te
m
	
(
L
O
S
)
	
u
si
n
g
	
an	a
pp
r
o
p
r
i
ate
	
ri
s
k
/
r
ew
ard	
b
ala
n
c
e
.
	
T
h
e
	
g
o
al
	o
f
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
d
e
cisi
o
n
i
n
g	is
	
to
	
a
pp
r
o
v
e
	
cr
e
d
i
t
a
pp
licati
o
n
s
	w
i
t
h	an	acc
e
p
ta
b
le	
p
r
o
b
a
b
ility
	
o
f	
p
a
y
m
e
n
t
	
b
y
	
c
o
n
si
d
e
ri
n
g	t
h
e
	
f
o
l
l
ow
i
ng
:
	
•
A	c
o
m
p
le
t
e
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
a
pp
licat
i
o
n
,
•
A
	
t
h
o
r
o
ug
h
	
cr
e
d
it
	
r
e
v
i
e
w
	
a
n
d
	
a
n
al
y
sis
	
in
	
s
upp
o
rt
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
f
o
u
r
	
f
a
c
e
ts
	
o
f
	
g
oo
d
	
cr
e
d
it
	
a
pp
r
ov
a
l
(
Ab
ilit
y
,
	
S
ta
b
ili
t
y
,
	
C
r
e
d
it
	
H
i
s
t
o
r
y
,
	
a
n
d
	
De
al	
S
tr
u
ct
u
r
e
),
	
a
n
d
•
P
r
o
p
e
r	
c
o
mm
un
ic
a
ti
o
n
,
	
f
o
l
l
o
w
	
up
,
	
a
n
d	
d
o
c
u
me
n
t
a
ti
o
n
.
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
	
C.		
	
Risk
	
F
r
a
m
e
w
o
rk	
an
d	A
pp
e
tite
	
T
F
L
	
a
cc
e
p
ts
	
ri
s
ks
	
g
e
n
e
rally	in
	
li
n
e
	
w
ith
	
t
h
o
s
e
	
o
f
	o
t
h
e
r
	
U.
S
.
	
ca
p
ti
v
e
	
a
u
to
	
fi
n
a
n
ce
	
c
om
p
a
n
i
e
s.
	
O
u
r	a
pp
r
o
ach	
t
o
	
ri
s
k
	
m
a
n
a
g
e
m
e
n
t
	
is
b
a
s
e
d	
o
n
	
t
h
e
s
e
	
gu
i
d
i
n
g	pri
n
ci
p
les:
	
•
I
nn
ov
at
i
v
e
	
s
upp
o
rt
	
o
f
	
T
e
sl
a
’s
	
sales,
	
p
r
o
fi
t
a
b
ilit
y
,
	
a
n
d	
b
ra
n
d	
e
x
p
e
ri
e
n
c
e
•
S
trike
	
a
pp
r
o
p
riate
	
ris
k
/
r
e
w
ard	
b
ala
n
ce
•
F
o
r
w
ard	
l
o
o
ki
n
g	a
n
al
y
tics
	
w
ith	t
i
me
l
y
	
f
e
e
db
ack
	
l
o
o
p
•
R
o
bu
st
	
g
o
v
e
r
n
a
n
ce
	
a
n
d	c
o
m
p
lia
n
ce
•
O
ve
rall
	
–
	
s
o
un
d	
bu
si
n
e
ss
	
j
u
dg
me
n
t
	
r
u
l
e
s
	
Cr
ed
it
	
R
isk
	
A
ppe
t
i
t
e
:
	
Cr
e
d
i
t
	
risk
	
is
	
t
h
e
	
po
ssi
b
ility
	
o
f
	
l
o
s
s
e
s
	s
t
e
m
m
i
n
g
	
f
r
o
m
	
t
h
e
	
fai
l
u
re
	
o
f
	
l
e
ss
e
e
s
	
to	
m
e
e
t
	
t
h
e
ir
	
fi
n
a
n
cial	
o
b
li
g
a
t
i
o
n
s
und
e
r	t
h
e
	
lease
	
a
g
r
ee
me
n
t.	
O
ve
rall,	T
F
L
’
s
	
c
r
e
d
it	risk
	
a
pp
e
t
i
te
	
f
o
r	t
h
e
	
lea
s
e
	
p
o
r
t
f
o
l
i
o
	
is
	
d
e
f
i
n
e
d
	
b
y
	
a
	
[***]
	
o
f	
[***]
%
	
a
n
d
	
a
	
[***]
	
o
f
[***]
%
.	T
h
e
	
cr
e
d
it
	
p
o
li
c
y
	
p
ar
a
me
te
rs
	
(
d
isc
u
ss
e
d
	
in
	
s
e
ct
i
o
n
	
2
F
)
	w
ith
	
[***]
	
o
n
	
[***]
%
	
a
n
d
	
[***]
%
	
o
f
	
[***]
	
al
o
n
g
	
w
i
th
	
t
h
e
	
[***]
%	are
s
e
t
u
p	
t
o
	
e
n
s
u
re
	
t
h
at
	
ri
s
k
	
ex
p
o
s
u
re
	
a
n
d	
p
o
r
t
f
o
l
i
o
	
p
e
rf
o
r
m
a
n
ce
	
are
	
at
	
a
cc
e
p
t
a
b
le
	
le
v
e
ls.
	
C
on
c
en
tr
a
ti
o
n	Risk:	
O
u
r
	
l
e
asi
n
g
	
p
o
r
t
f
o
l
i
o
	
c
o
n
c
e
n
tr
a
ti
o
n
	
f
o
ll
o
w
s
	
t
h
a
t
	
o
f
	
o
u
r
	
g
e
n
e
ral
	
bu
si
n
e
s
s	
mo
d
e
l
	
d
istri
bu
t
i
o
n
	
w
i
th
	
n
e
w
	
T
e
sla
ve
h
ic
l
e
s
	
i
n
cl
ud
i
n
g
	
Mo
d
e
l
	
S
	
a
n
d
	
Mo
d
e
l
	
X
.
	
O
u
r
	
m
o
d
e
l
	
m
ix
	
is	ex
p
ec
t
ed
	
t
o
	
s
h
ift
	
a
n
d	
g
r
o
w
	
w
i
th
	
t
h
e
	
i
n
t
r
o
du
ct
i
o
n	
o
f
	
n
e
w
	
p
r
o
du
c
t
s,
s
u
ch	as
	
M
o
d
e
l
	3
.
	
S
a
l
es
	
a
re	
[***]
	
in	
[***]
	
a
n
d	t
h
is
	
d
is
t
ri
bu
ti
o
n
	
w
ill
	
b
e	
mo
n
i
t
o
r
e
d	a
n
d
	
m
a
n
a
g
e
d	
d
e
p
e
nd
e
n
t
	
o
n	
bu
si
n
e
ss
	
a
n
d
	
m
ar
k
e
t
c
o
nd
it
i
o
n
s.
	
Q
ua
li
t
a
t
i
v
e
	
R
is
k
	
Fa
c
t
o
rs
:	
T
h
e
	
qu
alitati
v
e
	
el
e
m
e
n
ts
	o
f
	
t
h
e
	
risk
	
a
p
p
etite
	
f
r
a
m
e
w
o
rk
	
d
efi
n
e,
	
in	
g
e
n
e
ral,
	
t
h
e
	
p
o
sit
i
o
n
i
n
g
	
t
h
at
	
T
F
L
’s
m
a
n
a
g
e
m
e
n
t
	
w
is
h
e
s
	
t
o
	
a
d
o
p
t
	o
r	
m
ai
n
tain
	
in	t
h
e
	
c
o
u
r
s
e
	o
f
	
its	
bu
si
n
e
ss
	
m
o
d
e
l.
	
G
e
n
e
ral
l
y
	
s
p
e
aki
ng
,
	
t
h
e
	
fr
a
m
e
wo
r
k
	
is
	
b
as
e
d	
o
n
m
ai
n
tai
n
i
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
f
o
l
l
ow
i
ng	
qu
alitati
v
e
	
o
b
j
e
ct
i
ve
s
:
	
•
A
	
[***]
	
a
n
d
	
p
r
e
d
i
c
ta
b
le
	
risk
	
p
r
o
file
	
b
a
s
e
d
	
o
n
	
a
	
s
i
m
p
le
	
a
n
d
	
tra
n
s
p
ar
e
n
t
	
bu
si
n
e
ss
	
mo
d
e
l,	f
o
c
u
s
e
d	
p
r
i
m
ari
l
y
	o
n
	
r
e
tail
	
c
u
st
o
me
r
s,
•
A
	
sta
b
le
	
a
n
d
	
c
o
n
sist
e
n
t
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
p
o
l
i
cy
	
a
n
d
	
p
racti
c
e
	
t
o
	
g
e
n
e
ra
t
e
	
g
r
o
w
t
h
,
	
e
ar
n
i
n
g
s,
	
a
n
d	
m
a
n
a
g
e
	v
o
latili
t
y
,
•
A
n	
i
nd
e
p
e
nd
e
n
t	
risk	
f
un
cti
o
n	
w
ith	
a
c
ti
v
e	
i
n
vo
l
v
e
m
e
n
t	
o
f	
s
e
n
i
o
r	
m
a
n
a
g
e
m
e
n
t	
t
h
at	
gu
ara
n
t
ee
s
	
a	st
r
o
n
g
	
risk
	
c
u
lt
u
re
	
f
o
c
u
s
e
d
o
n
	
p
r
o
t
e
c
ti
n
g
	
a
n
d
	
e
n
s
u
ri
n
g
	
an
	
a
d
e
qu
a
t
e
	
r
e
t
u
r
n	
o
n	ca
p
ital,
	
a
n
d
•
F
o
c
u
s
	
o
n
	
t
h
e
	
bu
si
n
e
ss
	
m
od
e
l
	
a
n
d
	
p
r
o
du
cts
	
t
h
at
	
T
F
L
	
k
n
ow
s
	
s
u
ffic
i
e
n
tly
	
w
e
ll
	
a
n
d
	
h
as
	
t
h
e	
m
a
n
a
g
e
m
e
n
t
	
ca
p
aci
t
y
	
(
p
e
op
le,
s
y
s
t
e
m
s,
	
p
r
o
c
esse
s
)
	
t
o
	
exec
u
t
e
	
s
u
c
cessf
u
l
l
y
.
	
D.		
	
Cr
ed
i
t
	
D
epa
r
tm
en
t
	
R
o
l
e
s
	
a
n
d	R
e
s
pon
si
bi
li
t
i
e
s
	
	
T
h
e
	
cr
e
d
it
	
f
un
ct
i
o
n
	
is
	
h
e
a
d
e
d
	
b
y
	
t
h
e
	
P
r
e
si
d
e
n
t	
o
f
	
T
e
s
l
a
	
F
i
n
a
n
c
e
.
	
Cr
e
d
it
	
An
al
y
sis
	
i
s
	
p
e
rf
o
r
me
d
	
b
y	t
h
e
	
U
nd
e
r
w
riti
n
g	
D
e
p
ar
t
m
e
n
t
	
a
n
d
is
	
a
u
t
h
o
ri
z
e
d	to	
m
ake
	
cr
e
d
it
	
d
e
cisi
o
n
s
	
p
e
r
	
t
h
e
	
cr
e
d
it
	
cri
t
e
ria	s
p
e
cified	in	t
h
is
	
p
o
li
c
y
.
	
T
h
e
	
U
nd
e
r
w
riti
n
g	
D
e
p
ar
t
m
e
n
t
	ev
al
u
a
t
e
s
	
a
n
d	i
d
e
n
tifi
e
s
	
t
h
e
	
risk
	
a
n
d	
me
r
i
ts
	o
f
	
e
a
c
h	a
pp
licati
o
n	
o
n	a
	
case
	
b
y
	
ca
s
e
	
b
asis.
	
T
h
e
U
nd
e
r
w
riti
n
g
	
t
e
a
m
	
are	
e
x
p
e
ri
e
n
c
e
d
	
a
n
d
	
trai
n
e
d
	
p
r
o
f
e
ssi
o
n
als	
w
h
o
s
e	
p
ri
m
ary
	
r
o
le
	
is
	
t
o
	
m
a
ke
	
a
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
d
e
cisi
o
n	a
f
t
e
r
	
c
o
ndu
cti
n
g	a
f
u
ll	a
n
al
y
sis
	o
f
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t’s
	
cr
e
d
it	
wo
rt
h
i
n
e
ss
	
w
i
t
h
in
	
e
sta
b
li
s
h
e
d
	
und
e
r
w
riti
n
g
	
gu
i
d
e
li
n
e
s
	
in
	
c
o
m
p
lia
n
ce
	w
ith
	
fair	l
e
nd
i
n
g
	
a
n
d
o
t
h
e
r	a
pp
lica
b
le
	
r
e
gu
lat
i
o
n
s.
	
R
e
g
i
o
n
al
	
C
r
e
d
it
	
An
a
l
y
sts
	
are
	
a
	
p
art
	o
f
	
t
h
e
	
b
r
o
a
d
e
r	
F
i
n
a
n
cial	
S
e
r
v
i
c
e
s
	
t
e
a
m	a
n
d
	
f
un
cti
o
n
	
as
	
t
h
e
p
r
i
m
a
r
y
	
i
n
t
e
rf
a
ce
	
w
ith	t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r,
	
S
ales
	
T
e
a
m
	
a
n
d	
De
l
i
v
e
ry
	
Sp
e
cialists
	
in	t
h
e
	
fiel
d
,
	
a
n
d
	
i
n
ter
n
al
	
te
a
m
s
	
o
n	
m
at
t
ers
	
rel
a
ted
	
t
o
c
o
n
tra
c
ts,
	
d
o
c
u
m
e
n
ts,
	
c
om
m
un
icati
o
n
	
a
n
d	f
o
ll
o
w
-
up
.
	
T
h
e
	
d
e
p
ar
t
m
e
n
t
	
is
	
re
qu
ired
	
to
	
c
o
n
s
u
lt	wit
h
,
	
a
n
d
	
escala
t
e,
	
d
eals	to
	mo
r
e
	
se
n
i
o
r
m
e
m
b
e
rs
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
U
nd
e
r
w
rit
i
n
g	t
e
am
	
o
n
	
a
pp
r
o
v
als
	
a
b
o
v
e
	
t
h
e
	
s
p
e
cified	l
i
m
i
t
s.
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
E.		
	
Cr
ed
i
t
	
D
ec
i
s
i
on
i
n
g
	
	
i.
C
o
m
p
l
e
te
	
Cr
ed
it
	
A
ppl
ic
a
t
io
n
	
	
To
	
e
n
a
b
le
	
a
	
w
e
ll-r
o
und
e
d
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
d
e
cisi
o
n
,
	
a
	
c
o
m
p
le
t
e
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
a
pp
lic
a
ti
o
n
	
r
e
f
e
rs
	
t
o
	
t
h
o
r
o
ug
h	a
n
d
	
acc
u
ra
t
e
	
i
n
f
o
r
m
at
i
o
n
	a
s
	
it
	p
e
r
t
ai
n
s
	
to
t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t’s
	
i
n
c
om
e
,
	
fi
n
a
n
cial
	
r
e
s
o
u
r
c
e
s
	
a
n
d	ass
e
ts,
	
e
m
p
l
o
y
me
n
t
	
a
n
d
	
r
e
si
d
e
n
ce
	
h
is
t
o
r
y
,
	
c
r
e
d
it
	o
b
li
g
ati
o
n
s
	
a
n
d	
p
a
y
me
n
t
	
h
is
t
o
r
y
,
a
n
d	t
h
e
	
a
m
o
un
t
	
o
f
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
d
esi
r
ed
	
as
	
it
	
relates	to
	
t
h
e
	
v
e
h
i
cle
	
c
o
n
fi
gu
rat
i
o
n
	
a
n
d
	o
p
t
i
o
n
s.
	
T
h
e	a
pp
licati
o
n	s
p
e
cifically
	n
e
e
d
s
	
to
	
c
o
n
t
ai
n
:
	
	
•
I
n
f
o
r
m
a
ti
o
n	
r
e
g
ar
d
i
n
g	t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t(s)
•
Valid	
SS
N	(U
S
),
	
S
IN	(O
p
t
i
o
n
al	in	Ca
n
a
d
a)
	
o
r	T
a
x
	
ID
	numb
e
r
•
A
ss
e
t
	
a
n
d	
d
e
b
t
	
(lia
b
ili
t
y
)
	
i
n
f
o
r
m
ati
o
n
•
V
e
h
icle
	
p
rice
	d
e
tails
•
An
y
	
tra
d
e
-i
n
,
	
ca
p
itali
z
e
d
	
t
a
x
	
o
r
	
a
dd
it
i
o
n
al
	
d
ow
n
	
p
a
y
m
e
n
ts
	
t
h
at
	
i
m
p
a
c
t
	
ca
p
i
tali
z
e
d	c
o
st
	
T
h
e
	
cr
e
d
it
	
a
pp
licat
i
o
n
	
i
n
f
o
r
m
at
i
o
n
	
is
	
s
upp
l
e
m
e
n
t
e
d	
w
ith
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
n
s
um
e
r
	
cr
e
d
it
	
bu
r
e
au	r
e
c
o
rd
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t
’
s
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
b
o
r
r
ow
i
n
g	a
n
d
p
a
y
m
e
n
t
	
h
ist
o
r
y
.
F
o
r
	
the
	
purpos
e
s	
o
f
	
this
	
p
olic
y
,
	
a
	
c
r
e
dit
	
applicat
i
o
n
	
is	c
o
nsid
e
r
e
d
	
in
c
o
m
ple
t
e
	
w
h
e
n
	
th
e
re	is
	
insufficient
	
inf
o
r
m
a
ti
o
n	to
	
m
a
ke
	
a
	
fully
in
f
o
r
me
d	cr
e
dit
	
d
e
cis
i
o
n.
	
C
o
mm
o
n
	
r
e
as
o
ns	c
o
ntributing	
t
o
	
an	in
c
o
m
p
l
e
te	cr
e
dit
	
applic
a
ti
o
n	
a
r
e
:
	
•
SS
N	is
	
n
o
t
	
a
cc
u
rate
	
o
r
	
do
e
s
	
n
o
t
	
m
a
t
ch	tr
u
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t
•
App
lica
n
t
/
c
o
-
a
pp
lica
n
t		
	
d
id		
	
n
o
t		
	
h
a
v
e		
	
s
u
ffic
i
e
n
t		
	
t
i
me
,		
	
d
e
sir
e
,		
	
o
r		
	
a
v
aila
b
le	i
n
f
o
r
m
a
ti
o
n
	
to
	
c
om
p
l
e
te
	
all	s
e
ct
i
o
n
s
	
a
t
c
r
e
d
it
	
a
pp
licat
i
o
n	
o
r
	
up
o
n	
f
o
ll
o
w
	
u
p
	
An
	
inc
om
pl
e
te
	
cr
e
d
i
t
	
applicati
o
n
	
can
	
be
	
d
e
cis
i
o
n
e
d	as
	
p
e
nding
	
(
M
anual
	
R
ev
i
ew
)
	o
r	d
e
clin
e
d	due
	
to
	
an	in
c
om
p
l
e
te
	
c
r
e
dit
	
applicat
i
o
n.
If	the
	
applicant
	
pr
ov
i
d
e
s
	
the
	
r
e
qu
e
st
e
d	inf
o
r
m
a
ti
o
n,	the
	
c
r
e
dit
	
d
e
p
artm
e
nt
	
can
	
c
o
ntinue
	
t
o
	
p
r
o
c
e
s
s
	
the
	
applic
a
ti
o
n
	
th
r
o
u
gh
	
the
n
o
r
m
al
	
proc
e
ss.
	
If
	
t
h
e
	
a
p
plicant
	
do
e
s
	
n
o
t
	
pro
v
ide
	
the
	
r
e
q
u
e
st
e
d	inf
o
r
m
at
i
on
	
aft
e
r	r
e
as
o
nable	at
t
em
p
ts
	
t
o
	o
b
t
ain
	
this
	
inf
o
r
m
at
i
o
n
	
are
e
x
haust
e
d,
	
the	ad
ve
r
se
	
a
c
tion
	
n
o
tice	sh
o
uld	be
	
s
e
nt
	
and	
n
o
	
fur
t
h
e
r	act
i
o
n	is
	
n
e
e
d
e
d.
	
R
eque
s
t
i
n
g
	
i
n
f
o
r
m
a
t
i
o
n
	
f
r
o
m
	
t
h
e
	
app
lic
an
t
/c
o
-
app
l
i
c
an
t:
	
W
h
e
n
	
i
n
s
u
fficie
n
t
	
i
n
f
o
r
m
ati
o
n	is
	
r
e
c
e
i
v
e
d
,
	o
r	a
dd
iti
o
n
al	
i
n
f
o
r
m
a
ti
o
n
is
	
n
ee
d
ed	
t
o
	
s
upp
o
rt
	
t
h
e
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
d
ecis
i
o
n	
p
r
o
ces
s
,	t
h
e
	
cr
e
d
it
	
d
e
p
ar
t
me
n
t	
m
ay
	
f
o
l
l
o
w
	
u
p
	
w
ith
	
t
h
e	a
pp
lica
n
t(s),
	
t
h
e
ir
	
le
g
ally
	
a
u
t
h
o
ri
z
e
d
re
p
rese
n
t
a
ti
v
es,
	
o
r
	
Tesla
	
s
a
les
	
/
d
el
i
v
e
r
y
	
p
er
s
o
nn
el
	
as
	
a
pp
r
o
p
riate.
	
T
h
e
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
d
e
p
a
rt
m
e
n
t	ass
o
ci
a
t
e
s	
m
ay	
no
t	
a
s
k,	
d
isc
u
ss,	
i
n
f
e
r,	
o
r	
c
o
n
si
d
e
r	
p
r
o
h
i
b
it
e
d	
b
a
s
e
s	
s
u
ch	
as	
an	a
pp
lica
n
t’s
	
R
a
c
e
,
	
C
o
l
o
r,
	
R
e
l
i
g
i
o
n
,
	
E
t
hn
ic
	
Ori
g
i
n
,
	
Ag
e
	
(if
	
l
e
g
ally
	
e
li
g
i
b
le
	
to
	
c
o
n
tra
c
t),
	
S
e
x
	
a
n
d
m
arital
	
stat
u
s
,
	
pub
lic
	
ass
i
s
t
a
n
ce
	u
sa
g
e
	
w
ith
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
li
c
a
n
t
	
o
r
	
a
n
y
	
o
t
h
e
r
	
i
nd
i
v
i
du
al
	
i
n
vo
l
ve
d	in
	
t
h
e
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
tra
n
sact
i
o
n
.	I
nqu
iries
r
e
g
ar
d
i
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t’s
	
i
m
m
i
g
ra
t
i
o
n
	
s
t
a
t
u
s
	
are	
p
e
r
m
issi
b
le
	
o
n
l
y
	
t
o
	
asc
e
r
ta
i
n
	
T
F
L
’s
	
ri
gh
ts
	
a
n
d
	
r
e
m
e
d
ies
	
r
e
g
ar
d
i
n
g
	
c
o
n
tr
a
ct
u
al
r
e
p
a
y
m
e
n
ts	a
n
d
	
e
n
d
	
o
f
	
lease
	
t
e
r
m
i
n
at
i
o
n
	
acti
v
iti
e
s.
	
T
h
is
	
p
o
li
c
y
	
a
pp
lies
	
to
	
all
	
ve
r
b
al,
	
w
r
i
tt
e
n
,
	
in
	
p
e
rs
o
n
,	a
n
d	
e
l
e
ct
r
o
n
ic
c
om
m
un
ica
t
i
o
n	
m
e
t
h
o
d
s
	
u
s
e
d	
du
ri
n
g	
t
h
e
	
p
r
o
c
e
ss.
	
ii.
Cr
ed
it
	
B
u
r
ea
u	
H
ist
o
r
y
	
Cr
e
d
it
	
h
is
t
o
ry
	
is
	
a	
m
e
as
u
re
	o
f	t
h
e
	
b
o
rr
o
we
r
’
s
	
cr
e
d
i
t
w
o
r
t
h
i
n
e
ss
	
e
v
i
d
e
n
c
e
d	t
h
r
o
u
g
h
	
t
h
e
ir	c
u
rr
e
n
t
	
a
n
d
	
p
ast
	
b
o
r
r
ow
i
n
g
	
a
n
d
	
p
a
yme
n
t
p
e
r
f
o
r
m
a
n
c
e
.
	
A
n
	
acc
u
rate
	
a
n
d
	
v
a
l
id	
SS
N
	
is	cr
u
cial
	
f
o
r
	
pu
lli
n
g	t
h
e
	
ri
gh
t
	
cr
e
d
it
	
r
e
c
o
r
d
.	
F
o
r
	
Ca
n
a
d
ian	c
u
st
o
me
rs,
	w
h
i
l
e
	
h
a
v
i
n
g	an
acc
u
ra
t
e
	
S
IN
	
is
	
h
e
l
p
f
u
l
	
f
o
r	l
o
cati
n
g
	
a
	
cr
e
d
it
	
file,
	
c
o
n
s
u
me
rs
	
are
	
n
o
t
	
r
e
qu
ir
e
d
	
t
o
	
p
r
o
v
i
d
e	
o
n
e.	T
h
e
	
m
aj
o
r
	c
om
p
o
n
e
n
t
s
	o
f
	
t
h
e
c
o
n
s
u
m
er
	
bu
r
e
au	
r
e
p
o
rt
	
are:
	
•
FI
CO
	
S
c
o
r
e
•
Le
ng
t
h	a
n
d	
p
e
r
f
o
r
m
a
n
ce
	
o
f
	
tra
d
e
-li
n
e
s
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
•
I
nqu
iri
e
s
•
Ba
n
kr
up
tcy
	
a
n
d	
pub
lic
	
r
e
c
o
rd	i
n
f
o
r
m
ati
o
n
	
T
F
L
	
u
s
e
s
	
t
h
e
	
[***]
,
	
a
	
sc
o
re
	
[***]
.
	
T
F
L
’s
	
p
r
i
m
ary
	
s
o
u
rce
	
f
o
r
	
[***]
	
is
	
[***]
	
in	
t
h
e
	
U
n
it
e
d	
S
t
at
e
s.
	
ii
i
.
L
ea
se	
[***]
	
Sy
st
e
m
	
	
T
h
e
	
a
d
v
a
n
ta
g
e
s
	
o
f
	
u
si
n
g
	
[***]
	
a
n
d
	
g
ra
d
e
s
	
in
	
l
e
nd
i
n
g
	
i
n
cl
ud
e
	
c
o
n
si
s
t
e
n
c
y
,
	
a
	
qu
ick	t
u
r
n
ar
o
und
,
	
a
n
d
	
un
if
o
rm
	
r
i
sk
	
ass
e
s
s
m
e
n
t
	
a
n
d
m
o
n
i
t
o
r
i
ng
.
	
[***]
	
are
	
[***]
	
i
n
to	
[***]
	
b
as
e
d	
o
n
	
[***]
	
a
n
d
	
[***]
	
t
h
e	
[***]
	
i
n
to
	
[***]
	
a
s
	
s
h
ow
n
	
b
e
l
o
w
.
	
	
[***]
	
i
v
.
U
n
sc
o
r
e
d
	
A
pp
l
i
c
a
ti
ons
	
	
An
	
unsc
o
r
e
d
	
cr
e
dit
	
file
	
sign
i
fies
	
that
	
th
e
r
e
	
is
	
n
o
t
	
e
n
o
ugh
	
inf
o
rmati
o
n
	
a
v
ailab
l
e
	
t
o
	
c
om
pu
t
e	a
	
stati
s
ticall
y
-
v
alid
	
c
r
e
dit
	
sc
o
re	
o
r
	
that
th
e
r
e
	
w
as
	
no
	
c
r
e
dit
	
bur
e
au	r
e
c
o
rd
	
f
o
und.	Applicants
	w
it
h
o
ut
	
a
	
FICO
	
s
c
o
re	
w
ill	
b
e
	
c
o
nsid
e
r
e
d	but	suppl
e
m
e
ntal	
d
o
cum
e
nta
t
i
o
n	
w
i
l
l
lik
e
ly
	
be
	
r
e
quir
e
d
	
including
	
but
	
n
o
t
	
l
i
m
i
t
e
d
	
t
o
:
	
pro
o
f	
o
f
	
in
c
o
me
,
	
pro
o
f
	
o
f
	
ass
e
ts,
	
and/
o
r	pr
oo
f
	
o
f
	
ho
m
e
	
ow
n
e
rship
	
and
/o
r
	
a
	
high
e
r
do
w
n
	
pa
y
m
e
nt
	
to
	
m
itiga
t
e
	
a
	
lack
	
o
f
	
e
st
ablish
e
d	cr
e
dit
	
his
t
o
r
y
.
	
Uns
c
o
r
e
d
	
a
p
plicati
o
ns
	m
ay
	
o
ccur
	w
h
e
n	a
	
custo
me
r
	
is
	
n
e
w
	
t
o
	
the
c
o
untr
y
,	
w
h
e
n
	
th
e
y
	
have
	
n
o
t
	
u
s
e
d	cr
e
dit
	
act
i
ve
l
y
	
in
	
f
o
r
	m
a
n
y
	
ye
ars,
	o
r
	w
h
e
n
	
the
	
appli
c
ant
	
is
	
a	busin
e
ss.
	
v.
Cr
ed
it
	
A
nal
y
s
is
	
	
A
	
t
ho
r
o
ug
h
	
cr
e
d
it
	
a
n
al
y
sis
	
c
o
v
e
rs
	
all
	
t
h
e
	
i
n
f
o
r
m
at
i
o
n	
p
r
ov
i
d
e
d	
o
n
	
t
h
e
	
cr
e
d
it
	
a
p
p
licati
o
n
,	
ve
h
icle
	
p
rici
ng
,
	
a
n
d
	
t
h
e
	
cr
e
d
it
	
bu
r
e
au
r
e
p
o
r
t.
	
In
	
a
dd
it
i
o
n
,
	
t
h
e
re	
m
ay
	
b
e
	
d
isc
u
ss
i
on
s
	
w
ith	t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t
	
r
e
g
ar
d
i
ng
,
	
bu
t
	
n
o
t	li
m
i
t
e
d
	
t
o
,	
v
e
rificat
i
o
n
	o
f
	
i
n
c
o
m
e
	
a
n
d
	
r
e
si
d
e
n
c
e
,
c
o
n
t
a
ct	
nu
m
b
e
rs
	
a
n
d
	
r
e
f
e
r
e
n
c
e
s	
w
h
e
r
e
	
a
pp
r
o
p
ri
a
t
e
.	T
h
e
	
f
o
l
l
ow
i
n
g
	
a
ttri
bu
t
e
s	s
hou
ld
	
b
e	c
o
n
si
d
e
r
e
d
	
[***]
	du
ri
n
g	t
h
e
	
d
e
cis
i
o
n
i
n
g
p
r
o
c
e
ss.
	
A
b
i
l
i
t
y
[***]
	
Stab
ili
t
y
[***]
	
Cr
ed
it
	
H
i
st
o
r
y
[***]
	
D
ea
l
	
S
t
r
uc
t
u
r
e
[***]
	
	
v
i
.
A
d
v
e
r
se	
A
cti
o
n
	
R
ea
s
ons
	
	
T
h
e
	L
OS
	
d
is
p
l
a
y
s
	
t
h
e
	
d
e
si
g
n
at
e
d
	
a
d
ve
rse
	
a
c
ti
o
n	r
e
a
s
o
n
s
	o
r
	
sti
pu
lat
i
o
n
s
	
s
e
lec
te
d
	
at
	
t
h
e	ti
m
e
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
licat
i
o
n
	
is	
d
e
c
isi
o
n
e
d
.
	
F
o
r
c
o
n
sis
t
e
n
cy
	
a
n
d
	
acc
u
ra
c
y
	
t
h
e
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
d
e
p
a
r
tme
n
t	
w
ill
	
c
h
e
c
k
	
o
n
ly
	
t
h
e
	
[***]
	
r
e
a
s
o
n
s
	
f
o
r
	
t
h
e
	
cr
e
d
it
	
r
e
q
u
e
st
	
d
e
n
ial
	
o
r
	
c
o
un
t
e
r
	
f
r
o
m
	
t
h
e
li
s
t	
b
e
l
o
w
:
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
[***]
	
	
T
h
e
	
[***]
	
is
	
a	crit
i
cal,
	
bu
t
	
n
o
t
	
t
h
e
	
o
n
l
y
,
	
c
o
m
p
o
n
e
n
t
	o
f
	
s
o
und
,
	
j
udgm
e
n
tal	
c
r
e
d
it	
d
e
cisi
o
n
i
ng.
	
	
F.			Lend
i
ng
	
[***]
,	
A
utho
r
i
ty	and	Ex
c
ept
i
ons
	
	
L
ea
s
e	
Cr
edi
t
	A
pp
r
o
v
a
l
	
A
u
t
ho
ri
t
y
:
	
[***]
	
•
Au
t
h
o
rity
	
l
e
v
e
ls
	
w
i
ll
	
b
e
	
ass
ig
n
e
d
	
b
as
e
d
	
o
n
	
e
x
p
e
rie
n
ce
	
a
n
d
	
p
e
r
f
o
r
m
a
n
ce
	
a
n
d
	
re
p
r
e
s
e
n
t	t
h
e
	
m
a
x
i
m
u
m
	
an
	
U
nd
e
r
w
ri
t
e
r	is
p
e
r
m
itt
e
d
	
to
	
a
pp
r
o
v
e
•
If	
m
u
lti
p
le
	
a
pp
lica
n
ts,
	
[***]
	
is
	
b
as
e
d	
o
n
	
[***]
	
o
f	t
h
e
	
[***]
•
E
x
ce
p
ti
o
n
s
	
a
b
o
v
e
	
t
h
e
s
e
	
gu
i
d
e
li
n
e
s
	
m
u
st
	
b
e
	
a
pp
r
o
v
e
d	
b
y
	
[***]
	
o
f
	
[***]
•
In
	
t
h
e
	
a
b
s
e
n
ce
	
o
f
	
an
	
e
n
tire
	
Au
t
h
o
ri
t
y
	
L
e
v
e
l
	
w
i
th
	
nob
o
d
y
	
h
i
g
h
e
r
	
a
v
ail
a
b
le
	
(i
.
e
.
	
o
u
tsi
d
e
	
o
f	
n
o
r
m
al
	w
o
rki
n
g
	
h
o
u
rs),
	
t
h
e
	
[***]
in
	
t
h
e
	
[***]
	
m
a
y	
[***]
	
t
h
e
	
[***]
	
	
T
e
sla
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
rs
	
o
f
t
e
n
	
h
a
v
e
	
un
i
qu
e
	
a
n
d
	
c
o
m
p
l
e
x
	
fi
n
a
n
cial
	
sit
u
ati
o
n
s.
	
M
a
n
y
	
a
r
e
	
s
e
lf-
	
e
m
p
l
o
ye
d	
o
r
	
h
a
v
e	
m
u
lti
p
le
	
s
o
u
r
c
e
s
	
o
f
	
i
n
c
om
e
a
n
d
	
b
a
n
k
	
a
cc
o
u
n
ts.
	
Som
e
	
h
a
v
e
	
r
e
l
a
ti
v
e
ly
	
l
o
w
	
tr
u
e
	
i
n
c
om
e	
bu
t
	
are
	
still
	
ve
r
y
	
h
i
g
h
	
n
e
t-
w
o
r
t
h
	
i
nd
i
v
i
du
als
	
(as
	
is
	
t
h
e
	
c
a
se
	
f
o
r
	
s
o
m
e
r
e
ti
r
ee
s).
	
W
e
	
[***]
	a
n
d	
[***]
.
	
	
D
u
e
	
t
o
	
t
h
e
	
fact
	
t
h
a
t
	
[***]
	
is
	
s
elf-re
po
r
t
ed
	
a
n
d
	
is,
	
t
h
erefo
r
e,
	
i
nh
e
r
e
n
tly
	
of	varyi
n
g	
qu
ality
	
(
du
e
	
t
o
	
acci
d
e
n
tal
	
o
r
	
d
eli
b
erate
misst
a
t
e
me
n
t
	
–
	b
oth
	
h
i
g
h
	
a
n
d
	
low),
	
we
	
[***]
	o
n	
[***]
	
w
h
en	
p
ossi
b
le	to	ma
k
e
	
a
	
cre
d
it
	
d
ecis
i
o
n
.	
[***]
	s
u
ch
	
as
	
[***]
	
a
r
e
	
g
e
n
erally
[***]
	
t
h
an	
[***]
	
a
n
d
	
[***]
,
	
b
oth
	
of	w
h
ich
	
are
	
calc
u
lated	
[***]
.
	
	
	
[***]
	
ca
p
aci
t
y
	
gu
i
d
e
li
n
e
s
	
are
	
as
	
f
o
ll
o
w
s:
	
[***]
	
	
	
[***]
%
	
a
n
d	
[***]
%
	w
ill
	
g
e
n
e
ra
l
ly
	
r
e
qu
ire
	
a
dd
iti
o
n
al
	
s
up
p
o
r
t
,
	
bu
t
	
w
ill	
b
e	c
o
n
si
d
e
r
e
d
	
f
o
r
	
a
pp
r
o
v
al	if
	
[***]
	
i
nd
ica
t
e
	
[***]
.	In
	
m
a
n
y
c
a
s
e
s
	
[***]
	
m
a
y
	
b
e
	
re
qu
ire
d
,
	
bu
t
	
in
	
o
r
d
er	to
	
p
r
ov
i
d
e
	
[***]
	
ex
p
er
i
e
n
ce	c
o
n
sis
t
e
n
t
	
with
	
t
h
e
	
Tesla
	
b
ra
nd
,
	
U
nd
e
r
writers
	o
p
erate
	
with
t
h
e
	
g
o
al	
o
f
	
i
d
e
n
tif
y
i
n
g
	
a
nd	
d
o
c
um
e
n
ti
n
g
	
[***]
	
w
h
ile	
[***]
.
	
A
s
	
p
art	
o
f
	
t
h
is
	
p
r
o
c
e
ss,	a
pp
licati
o
n
s
	
are
	
r
ev
i
e
w
e
d	f
o
r
	
[***]
	
s
u
pp
o
r
t
i
n
g
[***]
.	T
h
i
s	i
n
cl
ud
e
s:
	
[***]
	
–
	
[***]
.
	
It
	
is	t
h
e
	
r
e
s
p
o
n
si
b
ili
t
y
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
U
nd
e
r
w
rit
e
r
	
t
o	
d
e
t
e
r
m
i
n
e
	
w
h
at
	
is
	
[***]
	
in
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
n
t
e
xt
	o
f
	
a	cr
e
d
it
r
e
qu
e
s
t.
	
A
ll
	
fi
nd
i
n
g
s
	
w
ill
	
b
e
	
we
ll	
d
o
c
um
e
n
t
e
d
	
w
it
h
in	t
h
e
	
LO
S
.
	
	
i.
U
n
sc
o
r
e
d
	
	
See
	
a
b
ov
e.
	
	
ii.
C
o
mm
e
r
ci
a
l
	
L
ea
s
i
n
g
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
C
o
m
m
e
rcial
	
l
e
as
e
s
	
w
ill
	
b
e
	
und
e
r
w
ritt
e
n
	
b
a
s
e
d
	
o
n
	
t
h
e
	
str
e
ng
th
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
m
m
e
rc
i
al
	
e
n
ti
t
y	si
n
ce
	
t
h
e
r
e
	
is
	
n
o
	
c
o
n
s
u
m
er
	
c
o
-
bu
ye
r
	
as
t
h
e
re
	
i
s
	
in	
s
m
a
l
l	
bu
si
n
e
ss
	
lea
s
e
s.
	
G
e
n
e
ral
	
c
h
arac
t
e
ristics
	
o
f
	
c
o
m
p
a
n
ies
	
t
h
at
	
w
ill
	
b
e
	
c
on
si
d
e
r
e
d
	
f
o
r
	
a
	
c
om
me
rci
a
l
	
lea
s
e	i
n
cl
ud
e
:
[***]
	
C
o
m
m
e
rcial	
App
licat
i
o
n
s
	
w
ill	
b
e
	ev
al
u
a
t
e
d	
o
n	t
h
e
	
f
o
l
l
o
w
i
n
g	crit
e
ria	a
n
d	
c
om
p
a
r
e
d	to
	
t
h
e	i
ndu
stry
	
a
v
e
ra
g
e
	
as
	
r
e
p
o
r
t
e
d	
b
y
	
[***]
:
[***]
	
Suppl
eme
ntal
	
inf
o
r
m
a
ti
o
n	
m
ay
	
be
	
r
e
qu
e
s
t
e
d
	
and
	
w
ill
	
be
	
c
o
nsid
e
r
e
d
	
if
	
pro
v
id
e
d	such
	
as	trade
	
r
e
f
e
r
e
n
c
e
s
	
and	bank	ra
t
ings.
	
ii
i
.
A
u
to	D
ec
i
s
i
on
i
n
g
	
Auto
m
at
e
d
	
d
e
cis
i
o
ning
	
s
e
r
ve
s
	
to
	i
m
pro
v
e
	
e
ffic
i
e
ncy
	a
nd
	
m
aintain
	
uni
f
o
r
m
i
ty
	
o
f
	
d
e
cisi
o
ns	acr
o
ss
	
applicati
o
ns.
	
Au
t
omat
e
d
	
d
e
cis
i
o
ning
has
	
b
ee
n	s
e
t
	
up
	
w
i
thin
	
TF
L
’s
	L
OS.
	
T
he
	
l
o
g
i
c	g
e
n
e
rally
	
ch
e
cks
	
t
h
e
	
s
a
m
e
	v
ariables
	
e
v
alua
t
e
d
	
in
	
judg
me
ntal	cr
e
dit
	
d
e
cisi
o
ns
	m
a
de
	
by
a	li
v
e
	
und
e
r
w
rit
e
r.
	
It
	
is
	
i
m
p
o
r
t
a
n
t	to
	
n
o
t
e
	
t
h
at	a
u
to
	
a
pp
r
ov
als	
e
l
i
m
i
n
ate	
t
h
e
	
n
ee
d
	
f
o
r	
m
a
nu
al
	
r
e
v
iew	
o
f
	
t
h
e	str
o
ng
e
s
t
	
s
e
gm
e
n
t
	
o
f
	
a
pp
l
i
cati
o
n
s.
	
T
h
is
all
o
w
s
	
U
nd
e
r
w
rit
e
rs
	t
o
	
s
p
e
n
d
	
m
o
re
	
t
i
m
e
	
w
o
r
k
i
n
g	
o
n	a
n
d	i
nv
e
sti
g
ati
n
g	t
h
e
	
r
e
m
ai
n
i
n
g	
d
e
als
	
r
e
qu
iri
n
g	a	
j
udg
me
n
tal	c
r
e
d
it
	
d
e
cisi
o
n
.
	
Auto
	
d
e
cis
i
o
ning
	
is	
m
ainta
i
n
e
d
	
by
	
TF
L
’s
	
L
OS
	
S
y
s
te
m
	
A
d
m
inistra
t
o
r
	
and
	
w
ill	be
	
r
e
v
ie
w
e
d	p
e
ri
o
dically
	
t
o
	
e
nsu
r
e
	
d
e
c
i
si
o
ns
	
a
r
e
c
o
nsist
e
n
t
	
w
i
th
	
t
he
	
Cr
e
dit
	
P
o
lic
y
.
	
Ac
c
o
rdingl
y
,
	
the	S
y
st
e
m
	
A
d
m
inistr
a
t
o
r
	
may
	
update
	
and
	
adju
s
t
	
the
	
l
ogic,
	
w
ith	auth
o
rizat
i
o
n
	
f
r
om
TF
L
’s	
P
r
e
sid
e
n
t,
	
t
o
	
r
e
m
ain
	
in
	
li
n
e
	
w
i
th
	
busin
e
ss	n
ee
ds	
w
h
ile
	
r
e
m
aining
	
c
o
m
pliant	
w
ith
	
the	Cr
e
dit	
Po
li
c
y
	
and	
l
e
nding	r
e
gulati
o
ns.
	
A
u
to	A
pp
r
o
v
a
l
	
L
og
ic:
	
[***]
	
A
u
to	D
ec
li
n
e	L
o
g
i
c:
	
[***]
	
In
	
case
	
o
f
	
a
	
j
o
i
n
t
	
c
o
n
s
um
e
r
	
a
pp
licati
o
n
,
	
[***]
	
m
u
s
t
	
b
e
	
[***]
	
o
r
	
[***]
	to
	
r
e
s
u
lt
	
in	an
	
a
u
t
o
m
a
t
e
d	
d
e
cisi
o
n
.
i
v
.
H
igh
	
Cr
edi
t	
R
isk
	
A
pp
l
i
c
a
ti
o
ns
	
	
All
	
cr
e
dit
	
applicati
o
ns
	w
ith	
[***]
	
a
r
e
	
g
e
n
e
ral
l
y	c
o
nsid
e
r
e
d
	
high	risk
	
and
	
may
	
r
e
quire	the
	
f
o
l
l
ow
ing
	
inv
e
stigat
i
o
ns:
•
P
r
o
o
f
	
o
f	
E
m
p
l
o
y
me
n
t
•
P
r
o
o
f
	
o
f	I
n
c
o
m
e
/
A
ss
e
ts
•
P
r
o
o
f
	
o
f	
R
e
si
d
e
n
c
e
•
Pe
r
s
o
n
al	
C
e
ll	
Nu
m
b
e
r
•
Refere
n
ces
	
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
v.
P
o
t
en
ti
a
l
	
S
ki
p
/
F
r
au
d	A
ppli
c
a
ti
ons
	
	
Fraud	d
e
t
e
ct
i
o
n	is
	
a
	
chall
e
n
ging	and	rapidly
	
changing	ph
e
n
o
m
e
n
o
n	in	
l
e
nding	busin
e
ss
e
s	that
	
r
e
quir
e
s
	
an
	
agile
	
and
	
me
asur
e
d
r
e
sp
o
n
s
e
.
	
To
	
m
ini
m
ize
	
the
	
appro
v
al
	
o
f	p
o
t
e
ntial	fraudulent
	
and	skip	hazar
d
s,
	
the
	
Und
e
r
w
ri
t
e
r
	
m
ust
	
p
e
rf
o
r
m
	
a	car
e
ful	
e
x
a
m
inat
i
on
o
f	any	cr
e
dit
	
applicat
i
o
n	th
a
t
	
oft
e
n	indicate	
o
ne	
o
r
	
m
o
re	
o
f	
t
he
	
f
o
l
l
ow
ing	char
a
ct
e
ri
s
tic
s
:
•
U
n
ve
rifia
b
l
e
,
	
un
s
ub
sta
n
tia
t
e
d
,
	
a
n
d	
qu
e
st
i
o
n
a
b
le
	
i
n
f
o
r
m
at
i
o
n
•
A
lias
e
s
	
c
o
m
m
o
n
ly
	u
s
e
d	a
n
d	r
e
v
e
rs
e
d
•
R
e
f
e
r
e
n
c
e
s
	
w
ith	i
n
c
o
m
p
le
t
e
	
i
n
f
o
r
m
at
i
o
n
•
Sh
o
rt
	
t
i
m
e
	
in	resi
d
e
n
ce
	
a
n
d	e
m
p
l
o
y
m
e
n
t
•
I
n
c
o
n
sist
e
n
c
i
e
s
	
o
r	f
a
cts
	
n
o
t
	
a
dd
i
n
g	
u
p	to
	
t
h
e
	
o
v
e
rall	a
p
p
licati
o
n	
p
r
o
file
	
Pro
p
er
	
d
ili
g
e
n
c
e
	
s
h
o
u
ld
	
b
e
	
u
sed	in	a
n
aly
z
i
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
a
b
o
v
e
	
f
a
c
t
ors
	
in
	
c
o
m
p
lia
n
ce	with
	
all	a
pp
lica
b
le	laws.
	
v
i
.
D
o
wn	P
ay
m
en
t	
an
d	Tr
ade
-
i
ns
	
	
A
	
d
o
wn
	
p
a
y
m
e
n
t
	
se
r
v
e
s	to
	
i
m
p
r
o
v
e	T
F
L
’s	e
qu
ity
	
p
o
sit
i
o
n
	
in
	
t
h
e
	v
e
h
icle,	l
o
wer
	
t
h
e	a
pp
lica
n
t
	
d
e
b
t
	
a
n
d
	
p
a
y
me
n
t
	
t
o
	
i
n
c
om
e
	
r
a
ti
o
s
	
a
n
d
i
n
cr
e
as
e
s
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t’s
	
ve
s
t
e
d
	
i
n
t
e
r
e
st	in
	
t
h
e
	
tra
n
sact
i
o
n
.
	
T
h
e
re
	
a
r
e
	
n
o	
m
a
nd
at
o
r
y
	
d
ow
n	
p
a
y
me
n
t
	
r
e
qu
ir
e
me
n
ts
	o
t
h
e
r
	
t
h
an
	
t
h
e
d
e
p
o
sits
	
f
o
r	
o
r
d
e
ri
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
v
e
h
icle
	
a
n
d
	
f
o
r
	
t
h
e
	
l
e
asi
n
g	
p
r
o
g
ra
m
.
	
S
e
c
u
rity
	
d
e
p
o
s
i
ts	are
	
no
t	c
u
rr
e
n
tly
	
r
e
qu
ir
e
d
	
in
	
t
h
e
	
l
e
asi
n
g
	
p
r
o
g
r
a
m
.
H
o
w
e
v
e
r,
	
t
h
e
	
cr
e
d
it
	
d
e
cis
i
o
n
	
m
a
y
	
i
n
cl
ud
e
	
a	sti
pu
lati
o
n
	
o
f	a
dd
it
i
o
n
al	
do
w
n	
p
a
y
me
n
t
	
t
o
	
qu
alify
	
t
h
e
	
c
u
st
o
me
r
	
f
o
r
	
t
h
e
	
l
e
as
e
.
	
A
	
n
et
	
n
e
g
at
i
v
e
	
do
wn
	
p
a
y
m
e
n
t
	
exists
	
w
h
en
	
t
h
e
	
v
al
u
e
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
tra
d
e
-in
	
o
r
	
up
f
r
o
n
t
	
tax
	
lia
b
ility	a
dd
s
	
to
	
t
h
e
	
ca
p
i
tali
z
ed
	
c
o
st
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
l
e
a
s
e
d
ve
h
icle
	
a
n
d
	
t
h
e
re
	
is
	
n
o
t
	
an
	
a
d
e
qu
ate
	
ca
s
h
	
d
ow
n	
p
a
y
m
e
n
t
	
to
	
o
f
f
set
	
t
h
e
	
a
m
oun
t.
	
W
h
en
	
t
h
is
	
c
o
nd
it
i
o
n
	
ex
ists,
	
t
h
e
	
U
n
d
erwri
t
er
	
m
u
st
e
v
al
u
a
t
e	t
h
e
	
po
te
n
tial	
i
m
p
a
c
t
	
t
o
	
T
F
L
’s
	
e
qu
ity
	p
o
s
i
ti
o
n
.
v
i
i.
E
x
c
ep
ti
o
n	A
u
t
ho
r
i
t
y
	
an
d	
P
r
o
c
e
ss
	
	
T
F
L
	
m
ay
	
c
o
n
si
d
e
r
	
a
pp
licati
on
s
	
fr
o
m
	
b
o
r
r
o
w
e
rs
	
w
h
o
s
e
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
p
r
o
fi
l
e
	
do
e
s
	
no
t
	
fit
	
w
i
t
h
in
	
t
h
e	
p
r
ov
is
i
o
n
s
	
o
f
	
t
h
is
	
le
nd
i
n
g
	
p
o
licy
	
o
n
	
a
	
ca
s
e
b
y
	
ca
s
e
	
b
as
i
s.
	
An
y
	
e
x
c
e
p
ti
o
n
	
t
o
	
t
h
is
	
p
o
l
icy
	
m
u
st	
b
e
	
f
o
r
	
t
h
e
	
clear	
b
e
n
e
fit
	
o
f
	T
F
L
,
	
me
e
t
	
t
h
e
	
sta
nd
ar
d
s
	
f
o
r
	
r
ev
i
e
w
	
a
n
d	a
pp
r
ov
al
	
o
f
exce
p
t
i
o
n
	
l
e
ases	esta
b
lis
h
e
d
	
b
y
	
t
h
is
	
p
o
li
c
y
,
	
a
n
d
	
b
e
	
a
pp
r
o
v
e
d
	
b
y
	
[***]
	
a
n
d
	
d
o
c
um
e
n
ted
	
in
	
t
h
e
	
L
O
S
.
	
A
	
wri
t
ten
	
j
u
stific
a
t
i
o
n
	
t
h
a
t
clearly
	
s
e
ts
	
f
o
r
t
h
	
all
	
t
h
e
	
r
e
l
ev
a
n
t
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
fa
c
t
o
rs	t
h
at
	
s
u
pp
o
rt
	
t
h
e
	
und
e
r
w
riti
n
g
	
d
e
c
isi
o
n
	
is	
n
ee
d
e
d	
t
o
	
s
uppo
rt
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
l
icati
o
n
a
pp
r
ov
al.
	
Additi
o
nall
y
,
	
i
t
	
is
	
t
h
e
	
r
e
sponsibility
	o
f
	
the	risk
	
d
e
pa
r
t
me
nt	
t
o
:
•
Mo
n
i
t
o
r
	
c
o
m
p
lia
n
ce
	
w
ith
	
t
h
is
	
p
o
lic
y
,
•
Track	
t
h
e	
a
gg
re
g
a
t
e	
l
e
v
e
l	
o
f	
e
xce
p
ti
o
n
s	
to	
h
elp	
d
etect	
s
h
ifts	
in	
t
h
e	
ri
s
k	c
h
aract
e
ri
s
tics
	
o
f
	
t
h
at
	e
l
e
m
e
n
t(s)
	
w
i
t
h
in	t
h
e
	
l
e
nd
i
n
g
p
o
rt
f
o
li
o
,
	
a
n
d
•
R
e
gu
larly	
a
n
al
y
z
e	
a
gg
r
e
g
ate	
e
x
c
e
p
ti
o
n	
l
e
ve
ls	
a
n
d	
r
e
po
rt	
t
h
e
m	
to	
S
e
n
i
o
r	
M
a
n
a
g
e
m
e
n
t.	
A
n	ex
c
ess
i
v
e
	
v
o
l
um
e
	o
r
	
a
	
p
at
t
ern	
o
f
ex
c
e
p
t
i
o
n
s
	m
ay
	
si
gn
al
	
an	
un
i
n
t
e
nd
e
d	
o
r	
un
w
arra
n
t
e
d	r
e
laxat
i
o
n
	
o
f	T
F
L
’s
	
und
e
r
w
riti
n
g	sta
nd
ar
d
s.
	
W
h
e
n
	
v
i
ewe
d	i
nd
i
v
i
du
all
y
,
	
und
e
r
w
riti
n
g
	
e
x
c
e
p
t
i
o
n
s
	m
ay
	
n
o
t
	
a
pp
e
ar
	
t
o
	
i
n
c
r
e
a
se
	
risk	si
gn
ifica
n
tl
y
.
	
Ho
w
e
ve
r,
	
w
h
e
n
	
a
gg
r
e
g
at
e
d
,
	e
v
e
n
w
e
ll
	
m
i
ti
g
at
e
d	
e
x
c
e
p
ti
o
n
s
	
i
n
cr
e
a
s
e	
p
o
rt
f
o
lio
	
r
i
sk
	
t
o
	
T
F
L
,	
e
s
p
e
c
i
ally
	
und
e
r
	
a
d
ve
rse
	
bu
si
n
e
s
s
	
a
n
d
	
e
c
o
no
m
ic
	
c
o
nd
it
i
o
n
s
.
	
W
h
e
n	
h
i
gh
e
r
risk
	
a
pp
r
ov
als	are
	m
a
d
e
	o
n	an
	
e
xc
e
p
t
i
o
n	
b
asis
	
f
r
o
m
	
s
o
un
d
	
a
n
d
	
n
o
r
m
al	
und
e
r
w
riti
n
g
	
p
o
licies,
	
it
	
is	
p
o
licy
	
t
o
	
m
ake
	
t
h
e
m
	o
n
ly
	
i
n
li
m
it
e
d
	
a
m
o
un
ts
	
a
n
d
	o
n
l
y
	
w
h
e
n	r
o
bu
st
	
risk
	
m
a
n
a
g
e
m
e
n
t
	
p
ractic
e
s
	
a
r
e
	
in
	
p
lace
	
t
o
	
m
a
n
a
g
e
	
a
n
d
	
c
o
n
t
r
o
l
	
t
h
e
	
h
i
g
h
e
r
	
risk.	Exce
p
t
i
o
n
s
are
	
[***]
	
a
n
d
	
w
ill	
[***]
	
b
as
e
d	
o
n	
[***]
.
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
App
lica
n
ts
	
w
ith
	
[***]
	
p
r
e
s
e
n
t
	
a	si
gn
ific
a
n
t
	
d
e
fa
u
lt
	
risk.	
T
F
L
	w
ill
	
c
o
n
si
d
e
r	a
pp
lica
n
ts
	
w
ith
	
[***]
	
w
i
th
	
[***]
,
	
a
n
d
	
st
r
o
n
g
	
s
upp
o
r
t
i
n
g
ev
i
d
e
n
ce
	
t
h
at
	
[***]
.
	
Ex
c
e
p
ti
o
n
s
	
m
ay
	
b
e
	
m
a
d
e
	
if
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t
	
[***]
.	
Ad
e
qu
ate
	d
o
c
u
me
n
tat
i
o
n
	
t
o
	
s
upp
o
rt
	
s
u
ch
	
an
	
a
pp
r
o
v
al
	
is
	
r
e
qu
ir
e
d
w
h
ich
	
s
h
o
u
ld
	
i
n
cl
ud
e
	
a	
d
ir
e
ct
	
in	
d
e
p
th
	
c
o
n
ve
r
s
ati
o
n	
w
ith	t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t
	
t
o
	
g
a
t
h
e
r	all	t
h
e
	
m
a
t
e
rial	
f
acts.
	
	
	
G.		
	
Fa
ir	L
end
i
n
g
	an
d	R
e
g
u
l
a
t
o
r
y
	
C
o
m
p
li
an
ce
i.
G
ene
r
a
l
	
P
oli
cy
	
S
t
a
t
e
m
ent
It
	
is
	
T
F
L
’s
	
p
o
li
c
y
	
to
	
f
o
ll
o
w
	
s
o
un
d
	
l
e
nd
i
n
g
	
p
racti
c
e
s
	
i
n
	
let
t
e
r
	
a
n
d	s
p
irit
	
to
	
c
o
mp
ly
	
w
i
th	a
pp
lica
b
le
	
f
e
d
e
ral,	sta
t
e
,	a
n
d
	
l
o
cal
	
l
a
w
s.
	
T
h
e
Cr
e
d
i
t
	
d
e
p
ar
t
me
n
t
	w
ill
	
b
e
	
tra
i
n
e
d
	
a
n
d	r
e
qu
ir
e
d
	
t
o
	
c
o
m
p
ly
	w
ith	all	a
pp
lica
b
le
	
r
e
gu
l
a
ti
o
n
s
	
at
	
t
h
e
	
f
e
d
e
ra
l
,
	
st
a
t
e
,
	
a
n
d
	
l
o
cal	le
ve
l.	In
r
e
g
ar
d
s
	
t
o
	
F
air	
Le
nd
i
ng
,
	w
e
	w
ill
	
n
o
t
	
d
iscr
i
m
i
n
ate
	
in	
o
u
r
	
t
r
e
a
t
me
n
t
	o
f	a
n
y
	
c
r
e
d
i
t	a
pp
licati
o
n
s
	
w
ith	r
e
s
p
e
ct
	
t
o
	
t
h
e
	
f
o
l
l
ow
i
n
g
p
r
o
h
i
b
it
e
d
	
b
asis:
	
	
•
Rac
e
,
	
c
o
l
o
r,
	
r
e
li
g
i
o
n
,
	
n
at
i
on
al
	
o
ri
g
i
n
,
	
s
e
x
	
o
r
	
m
arital
	
s
t
at
u
s,
	
o
r
	
a
g
e
	
(
p
r
ov
i
d
e
d
	
t
h
e	a
pp
lica
n
t
	
h
as
	
t
h
e
	
ca
p
aci
t
y
	
t
o
	
c
o
n
tra
c
t);
•
B
e
ca
u
se
	
all
	
o
r
	
p
art
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t’s
	
i
n
c
o
m
e
	
d
e
r
i
ve
s
	
fr
o
m
	
a
n
y
	
pub
lic
	
assi
s
ta
n
ce	
p
r
o
g
ra
m
;
	
o
r
•
B
e
ca
u
se
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t
	
h
as
	
i
n
	
go
o
d
	
fa
i
th
	
e
x
e
r
cis
e
d
	
a
n
y
	
ri
gh
t
	
und
e
r
	
t
h
e
	
C
o
n
s
u
me
r
Pr
o
te
c
tion	
A
c
t.
	
In
	
a
dd
iti
o
n
	
to
	
F
air	
Le
nd
i
ng
,
	
t
h
e
	
f
o
l
l
ow
i
n
g
	
r
e
gu
lat
i
on
s
	
g
e
n
e
rally
	
a
pp
ly
	
to
	
T
F
L
’
s
	
leasi
n
g	acti
v
it
i
e
s:
	
•
C
o
n
s
um
e
r
	
Le
asi
n
g	
A
c
t
	
(
R
e
g
.	
M
)
•
F
CRA	a
n
d	
Ad
ve
r
s
e
	
A
c
ti
o
n	
N
o
ti
c
e
•
O
FAC
•
R
e
d	
F
lag	/
	
ID
	
T
h
e
ft
•
Calif
o
r
n
ia	C
r
e
d
it
	
S
c
o
re
	
D
is
c
l
o
s
u
re
•
I
n
f
o
r
m
a
ti
o
n	
S
e
c
u
rity
	
(
S
ale
g
u
ar
d
s
	
R
u
le)
•
S
e
r
v
ice
	
P
r
o
v
i
d
e
rs
	
/
	
V
e
nd
o
r
	
M
a
n
a
g
e
me
n
t
	
In
	
acc
o
r
d
a
n
c
e
	w
ith
	
t
h
e
	
F
a
i
r
	
Le
nd
i
n
g
	
p
r
o
g
ram
	
a
n
d	
o
t
h
e
r
	
r
e
gu
la
t
o
ry
	
c
o
m
p
lia
n
c
e
,
	
i
t
	
is
	
t
h
e	c
o
m
p
a
n
y
’s
	
p
o
li
c
y
	
t
o
:
	
•
M
ai
n
tain	
u
p	
t
o
	
d
a
t
e
	
r
e
gu
l
a
t
o
ry
	p
o
li
c
y
	
s
tat
e
m
e
n
ts,
•
Pe
r
f
o
r
m
	
a
n
d
	
d
o
c
u
me
n
t
	
p
e
ri
o
d
ic
	
trai
n
i
n
g
	
f
o
r
	
all
	
e
mp
l
oy
e
e
s
	
i
nv
o
l
ve
d
	
w
ith
	
a
n
y	as
p
e
ct
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
l
e
nd
i
n
g	
t
ra
n
s
acti
o
n
s,
•
Pe
r
f
o
r
m
	
o
n
g
o
i
n
g	
m
o
n
i
t
o
ri
n
g	f
o
r	
c
o
m
p
lia
n
ce
	w
i
th	r
e
gu
l
at
o
r
y
	
p
o
lic
i
e
s,
	
p
r
o
c
e
du
r
e
s	a
n
d	
p
ractic
e
s,
•
C
o
ndu
ct
	
a	
r
e
gu
lar	as
s
e
s
s
m
e
n
t
	o
f
	
t
h
e
	
m
a
r
k
e
ti
n
g
	
o
f	
l
e
a
si
n
g	
p
r
o
du
cts,
	
a
n
d
•
Pe
r
f
o
r
m	
me
a
n
i
ng
f
u
l	
o
ve
rs
i
gh
t
	o
f	
c
o
m
p
lia
n
ce
	
b
y
	
S
e
n
i
o
r	
M
a
n
a
g
e
me
n
t.
	
	
ii.
A
pp
l
i
c
an
t	N
o
t
if
i
c
a
ti
o
n	L
e
tt
e
rs
	
	
T
h
e
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
d
e
p
ar
t
m
e
n
t
	
will
	
iss
u
e
	
an	a
d
v
e
r
se
	
a
cti
o
n	
no
tice
	
wit
h
in
	
3
0
	
d
a
y
s	
o
f	t
h
e
	
d
ecisi
o
n	
o
n
	
e
ach
	
a
pp
licat
i
o
n
	
t
h
at
	
is
	
d
e
cli
n
e
d
	
o
r
c
o
nd
iti
o
n
al
l
y
	
a
pp
r
ove
d
.
	
T
h
e
	
L
OS
	
g
e
n
e
r
a
t
e
s
	
t
h
e	a
d
ve
rse
	
act
i
o
n
	
l
e
tt
e
r
	
w
h
ich
	
i
n
f
o
r
m
s
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t’s
	
ri
gh
ts
	
u
nd
e
r
	
law
	
i
n
cl
ud
i
n
g
	
t
h
e
ri
gh
t
	
t
o	
o
b
tain	s
p
e
cific
	
a
d
ve
rse
	
act
i
o
n	r
e
a
s
o
n
s
	
b
y
	w
r
i
ti
n
g	
t
o
	
u
s
	
w
it
h
in	
3
0
	
d
a
y
s.
	
In
	
a
dd
iti
o
n
,	all
	
Cali
f
o
r
n
ia	a
pp
lica
n
ts
	
w
ill	r
e
c
e
i
v
e
	
t
h
e
	
Calif
o
r
n
ia	Cr
e
d
it	
S
c
o
re
	D
i
scl
o
s
u
re	
N
o
tice
	
i
nd
icati
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
sc
o
re,
	
t
h
e
s
o
u
r
c
e
	
o
f
	
t
h
a
t
	
s
c
o
r
e
,
	
a
n
d
	
i
n
f
o
r
m
at
i
o
n
	
a
b
o
u
t
	
w
h
e
re	t
h
e
ir	s
c
o
re
	
falls	
w
i
th	r
e
s
p
e
c
t
	
t
o
	
o
t
h
e
r
	
c
o
n
s
u
me
rs.
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
ii
i
.
A
ud
i
t
	
P
oli
c
y
	
	
T
h
e
	
bu
si
n
e
ss
	
a
cti
v
i
ties	
o
f	
T
e
sla
	
F
i
n
a
n
ce
	
a
r
e
	
s
ub
j
e
c
t
	
t
o
	
p
e
ri
o
d
ic
	
a
ud
its	in
	
ac
c
o
r
d
a
n
ce
	
w
i
th	T
e
sla
	
I
n
c.
	
Aud
it
	
C
o
mm
i
tt
e
e
	
r
u
les
	
a
n
d
	
risk
as
s
e
s
s
me
n
t	r
e
s
u
lts.
	
T
h
is
	
r
ev
i
e
w
	
m
ay
	
c
o
v
e
r
	
all	l
e
as
e
s
	
o
r
	
i
n
cl
ud
e
	
a
	
s
a
m
p
le
	
o
v
e
r
	
a
	
p
r
e
d
e
t
e
r
m
i
n
e
d
	p
e
r
i
o
d
,
	
c
u
r
r
e
n
t,
	
p
a
st
	du
e
	
a
n
d
l
i
qu
i
d
at
e
d	leas
e
s.
	
In
	
a
dd
it
i
o
n
,
	
a
	
s
a
m
p
l
e
	
o
f
	
s
m
al
l
e
r
	
l
e
as
e
s
	
m
a
y
	
al
s
o
	
b
e
	
e
x
a
m
i
n
e
d
	
t
o
	
e
n
s
u
re
	
c
o
m
p
lia
n
ce	a
n
d	flag	
m
a
j
o
r	
d
e
p
a
r
t
u
r
e
s
	
f
r
o
m
e
s
ta
b
lis
h
e
d	
p
o
l
i
cy
	
a
n
d
	
p
r
o
c
e
du
r
e
.
	
i
v
.
R
e
c
o
r
d
s
	
R
e
t
en
ti
o
n
	
	
T
h
e
	
f
o
l
l
ow
i
n
g	
d
o
c
u
me
n
t
s
	w
ill	
b
e
	
h
e
ld	f
o
r
	
a
	
p
e
r
i
o
d	
n
o
t
	
less
	
t
h
an	r
e
qu
i
r
e
d	
b
y
	
r
e
le
v
a
n
t	stat
u
tes
	
in	e
l
ect
r
o
n
ic
	
f
o
r
m
at,
	
w
h
e
re
	
p
o
ssi
b
l
e
:
•
Ori
g
i
n
al	cr
e
d
it
	
a
pp
lic
a
ti
o
n
,
•
Cr
e
d
it
	
r
e
p
o
rt
	
o
b
tai
n
e
d
	
fr
o
m
	
a
	
cr
e
d
it
	
r
e
p
o
r
ti
n
g	a
g
e
n
c
y
,
•
C
o
p
ies
	
o
f
	
all
	
le
g
al	
n
o
ti
c
e
s
	
s
e
n
t
	
t
o
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t,
•
An
y
	
w
rit
t
e
n
	
c
om
p
lai
n
t
	
filed
	
b
y
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t
	
alle
g
i
n
g
	
a
	
v
i
o
l
a
ti
o
n
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
law
	
b
y
	
T
F
L
,
•
Ori
g
i
n
al	c
o
p
y
	o
f
	
m
a
nu
fact
u
r
e
r’s
	
i
nv
o
i
c
e
,
	
a
n
d
•
C
o
p
y	
o
f	
t
h
e	
lea
s
e	
s
ales	
c
o
n
tra
c
t	
e
n
f
o
r
c
e
a
b
le	
in	
t
h
e	
j
u
ris
d
ict
i
o
n	
w
h
e
re	
t
h
e	c
o
lla
t
e
ral
	
is	l
o
cate
d
,
	
w
h
e
r
e
b
y
	
T
F
L
	
can
	
ac
qu
ire
	
tit
l
e
a
n
d
	
re
p
o
s
s
ess
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
ll
a
teral	
p
r
o
p
e
r
t
y
	
in	t
h
e
	
e
ve
n
t
	
o
f
	
a
	
d
e
fa
u
lt.
	
H.		
	
O
ri
g
i
na
t
i
o
n	
R
is
k
	
Me
t
r
i
c
s
	
Ti
me
l
y
	
t
racki
n
g
	
a
n
d
	
r
e
p
o
r
t
i
n
g
	
o
f
	
a
pp
r
o
p
ri
a
te
	
m
e
trics
	
are
	
k
e
y
	
to
	
e
ff
e
cti
v
e
	
ri
s
k
	
a
n
d
	
p
e
rf
o
r
m
a
n
ce	
m
a
n
a
g
e
me
n
t.
	
T
h
e
	
f
o
l
l
ow
i
n
g
m
e
trics
	
w
ill	
b
e
	
trac
k
e
d	
f
o
r	a
pp
r
o
p
riate
	
act
i
o
n
s
	
[***]
:
	
[***]
	
3.		
	
C
O
LL
E
C
T
I
O
NS
	
A
ND	
S
ER
V
I
C
I
NG
	
P
O
L
I
CY	A.		
	
G
ene
r
a
l
	
P
oli
cy
	
S
t
a
t
e
m
ent
T
h
e
	
p
e
r
f
o
r
m
a
n
ce
	
o
f
	
a
	
le
n
d
i
n
g
	
p
o
r
t
f
o
lio
	
is
	
s
ub
j
e
ct
	
t
o
	
i
nd
i
v
i
du
al,
	
m
a
t
u
ra
t
i
o
n
,
	
s
e
a
s
o
n
al,
	
e
c
o
no
m
ic,
a
n
d
	
c
o
llat
e
ral
	
fac
t
o
rs.	T
h
e
	
r
o
l
e
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
ll
e
ct
i
o
n
s
	
f
un
cti
o
n
	
is
	
to
	
s
atisfa
c
t
o
rily
	
r
e
s
o
l
v
e
	
t
h
e	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
cy
	
sit
u
a
ti
o
n	tak
i
n
g
	
i
n
to
	
a
c
c
o
un
t
t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r’s
	
sit
u
at
i
o
n
,
	
T
F
L
’s
	
risk
	
e
x
po
s
u
r
e
,
	
a
n
d	
o
v
e
rall	
p
o
r
tf
o
l
i
o
	
p
e
rf
o
r
m
a
n
ce
	
g
o
a
l
s.	
A
t
	
a
	
h
i
g
h	le
v
e
l	t
h
e
	p
ri
m
a
r
y
	
c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
s
	
g
o
als
a
re
	
t
o
:
	
	
•
P
r
o
v
i
d
e
	
o
u
t
s
ta
nd
i
n
g	c
u
st
o
me
r
	
s
e
r
v
ice
	
in
	
li
n
e
	w
i
th	
T
e
s
la	
b
ra
n
d	
v
al
u
e
s
	
a
n
d	
e
x
p
e
c
t
ati
o
n
s,
•
M
i
n
i
m
i
z
e
	
c
o
ll
e
ct
i
o
n
	
c
o
s
ts
	
b
y
	
i
d
e
n
tif
y
i
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
m
o
st
	
e
f
f
e
cti
v
e
	
w
a
y
s
	
t
o
	
al
l
o
ca
t
e
	
r
e
s
o
u
rc
e
s
,
•
I
n
crease
	
c
o
ll
e
ct
i
o
n
s
	
ef
f
ect
i
v
e
n
ess
	
b
y
	
a
ssessi
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
s
t
	
v
ers
u
s
	
b
e
n
ef
i
t
	
at
	
t
h
e
	
l
ea
s
e
	
l
e
ve
l,
•
I
n
cr
e
ase
	
t
o
tal
	
r
e
c
o
v
e
r
e
d
	
d
o
llars
	
b
y
	
o
p
t
i
m
i
z
i
n
g
	
e
ar
l
y
	
t
o
	
late
	
sta
g
e
	
c
o
ll
e
ct
i
o
n
	
acti
v
it
i
e
s	w
h
ile
	d
ete
r
m
i
n
i
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
i
d
eal
	
c
o
n
ta
c
t
m
et
h
o
d
	
a
n
d
	
c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
	
str
a
te
g
y
,
	
all
	
a
t
	
t
h
e
	
le
as
e
	
le
v
el,	a
n
d
•
De
t
e
r
m
i
n
e
	
t
h
e
	
i
d
e
al	
r
e
p
o
s
s
e
ssi
o
n	a
n
d	
r
e
c
o
v
e
ry
	
stra
te
g
y
	
	
B.		
	
L
o
ss	
Mi
t
i
g
a
ti
o
n	D
epa
r
t
m
en
t	R
o
l
e
s	
an
d	R
e
s
pon
si
bi
li
t
ie
s
	
To
	
s
u
c
c
e
ssf
u
lly
	
ac
h
i
e
v
e
	
e
a
c
h
	
o
f	t
h
e
	
a
b
o
v
e
	
g
o
als,
	
t
h
e
	
L
o
ss
	M
i
ti
g
ati
o
n	
d
e
p
ar
t
m
e
n
t
	
at
	
T
F
L
’s
	
s
e
r
v
i
c
e
r	a
n
d
	
T
F
L
’s
	
i
n
t
e
r
n
al
	
c
u
s
t
om
e
r
s
e
r
v
i
c
e
	
t
e
am
	
m
ai
n
tain	t
i
me
l
y
,
	
p
r
o
f
e
ss
i
o
n
al,
	
c
om
p
l
i
a
n
t,
	
a
n
d
	
e
ffe
c
ti
v
e	c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
	
p
r
a
ctic
e
s.
	
T
h
e
	
i
m
p
o
r
ta
n
ce	
o
f
	
i
m
me
d
ia
t
e
	
c
o
llect
i
o
n
f
o
ll
o
w
-
u
p
	
o
n
	
a	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
t
	
acc
o
un
t	ca
nn
o
t
	
b
e
	o
ve
r-
e
m
ph
asi
z
e
d
.	
A
cc
o
un
t
	
p
r
o
f
i
ta
b
ility
	
i
s
	
a
ff
e
ct
e
d	
b
y
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
m
o
r
e
	
t
h
an	t
h
e
	
p
o
t
e
n
t
i
al	l
o
ss
	
du
e	to
	
r
e
p
o
s
s
e
ss
i
o
n
.
	
T
h
e
	
u
se
	o
f
	
a
	
s
e
r
v
i
ci
n
g
	
p
ar
t
n
e
r
	
is	an
	
i
m
p
o
r
ta
n
t
	
c
o
m
p
l
e
m
e
n
t
	
to
	
t
h
e
	
le
as
e
o
ri
g
i
n
ati
o
n	f
un
c
ti
o
n
.	
E
m
p
l
o
y
i
n
g	t
h
e
	
e
x
p
e
r
t
i
s
e
	
o
f	a	
w
e
l
l
-
e
sta
b
lis
h
e
d	s
e
r
v
i
c
e
r	r
e
l
i
e
v
e
s
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
m
p
a
n
y	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
m
a
n
y
	
d
e
tai
l
s
	o
f
	
t
h
is
f
un
cti
o
n	a
n
d
	
can	
e
f
f
e
ct
i
ve
ly	
m
i
n
i
m
i
z
e
	
l
o
ss
e
s,
	
p
r
ov
i
d
e
	
o
u
t
sta
nd
i
n
g	c
u
st
o
m
er
	
se
r
v
ic
e
,
	
a
n
d	re
d
u
ce
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
sts
	
o
f
	
c
o
l
l
ect
i
o
n
.
	
Daily
	
c
olle
c
tio
n
s	ef
f
or
t
s
	
a
r
e
	
p
er
f
o
r
med	
b
y
	
t
h
e
	
s
erv
i
c
er’s	
L
oss	Miti
g
a
tion	
T
eam	a
n
d
	
ma
n
a
g
ed
	
b
y	t
h
e
	
C
u
s
t
o
mer	
S
e
r
vice	a
n
d
O
p
erat
i
o
n
s	Ma
n
a
g
er	at	T
e
sla.
	
T
h
e	
L
oss	M
i
ti
g
at
i
on
	
Te
am
	
i
s
	
c
u
r
r
e
n
tly	c
o
m
p
rised
	
of
	
trai
n
ed
	
c
oll
e
ction
	
re
p
re
s
e
n
tat
i
ve
s
,
	
e
a
c
h
	
of
w
h
om
	
is
	
trai
n
ed
	
in
	
c
u
st
o
mer
	
se
r
vic
e
,	clie
n
t
	
i
n
t
eract
i
on	a
nD
d
	
c
ol
l
ect
i
o
n
s.
	
L
ea
d
s	or	
Sup
ervi
s
ors	
o
ver
s
ee	t
h
e	
d
aily	act
i
on
s
	
of	
u
p
	
t
o
fi
v
e	re
p
rese
n
t
a
ti
v
es,
	
with
	
a
	
m
a
n
a
g
er
	
for
	
e
ve
r
y
	
t
wo
	
or
	
t
h
r
e
e
	
lea
d
s
/s
up
e
r
viso
r
s.
	
Each
	
of
	
t
h
ese
	
f
un
ct
i
o
n
al	ma
n
a
g
ers
	
h
as
	
b
een
	
at
	
t
h
e
s
ervi
c
er
	
for
	
m
ore
	
t
h
an
	
1
0
	
ye
ars,
	
a
n
d
	
h
as
	
w
orked
	
with
	
t
h
e
	
Tesla
	
R
o
a
d
st
e
r	lease	
p
r
o
g
r
a
m
	
f
r
om
	
i
n
ce
p
t
i
on.
	
T
e
sla’s
	
C
u
s
t
om
e
r
	
S
e
r
v
ice
	
a
n
d
	
O
p
e
ra
t
i
o
n
s	
M
a
n
a
g
e
r	
m
ai
n
tai
n
s
	
fr
e
qu
e
n
t
	
(
o
f
t
e
n
	
d
ail
y
)
	
i
n
t
e
r
a
ct
i
o
n	
w
ith
	
t
h
e
	
s
e
r
v
ic
e
r’s	
Lo
s
s
	
M
i
ti
g
ati
o
n
M
a
n
a
g
e
r
	
a
n
d
	
is
	
k
e
p
t
	
a
b
r
e
a
s
t
	
o
f
	
lea
s
e
	
l
e
v
el
	
c
o
llect
i
o
n
	
ef
f
o
rts	t
h
r
o
ug
h
	
s
h
ar
e
d
	
r
e
p
o
rti
n
g	a
n
d
	
b
i-
mo
n
t
h
ly
	
r
e
v
i
e
w
.
	
T
h
e
	
C
S
O
	
M
a
n
a
g
e
r
r
em
ai
n
s
	
t
h
e
	
s
e
r
v
i
c
e
r’s	
p
ri
m
ary
	
p
o
i
n
t
	
o
f
	
c
o
n
tact
	
f
o
r
	
escal
a
ti
o
n
s
	
t
h
at
	
r
e
qu
ire
	
e
x
p
e
d
ie
n
t
	
t
r
ea
t
m
e
n
t.
	
W
h
ile
	
t
h
e
	
C
S
O
	
M
a
n
a
g
er	acts
	
as	t
h
e
s
e
r
v
ic
e
r
’s
	
p
r
i
m
ary
	
e
scala
t
i
o
n
	
p
o
i
n
t,
	
it	is	
t
h
e
	
C
S
O	
M
a
n
a
g
e
r’s	r
e
s
p
o
n
s
i
b
ility
	
t
o
	
r
e
p
o
rt	a
bn
o
r
m
al
	
risk
	
ex
po
s
u
re
	
t
o
	
t
h
e
	P
r
esi
d
e
n
t
	
o
f
	
T
F
L
.
C.		
	
C
o
ll
e
cti
on
s
	T
r
ea
tm
en
t	
S
tr
a
t
e
gy
	
an
d	
P
l
a
n
	
	
T
h
e
	
t
i
m
i
n
g
	
a
n
d
	
i
n
t
e
n
sity	
o
f
	
c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
s
	
act
i
v
i
t
y
	
is
	
d
ete
r
m
i
n
ed
	
b
y
	
t
h
e
	
d
eli
nq
u
e
n
cy
	
s
ta
g
e,
	
risk	ex
p
o
s
u
r
e,
	
a
n
d
	
t
h
e
	
c
u
st
om
e
rs’
	
a
b
ility
a
n
d	
w
illi
ngn
e
ss
	t
o
	
f
u
lfill
	
t
h
e
	
a
g
r
ee
d	
u
p
o
n	
c
ou
rse
	
o
f	a
c
ti
o
n
.	A	c
o
m
b
i
n
ati
o
n
	
o
f
	
r
e
lat
i
o
n
s
h
ip
	
bu
il
d
i
ng
,
	
c
u
st
o
m
e
r
	
s
e
r
v
i
c
e
,
	
a
n
d
	
ass
e
r
ti
v
e
c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
	
skills
	
are
	
critic
a
l	in
	
an
	
e
ffect
i
v
e
	
c
o
ll
e
c
t
o
r.
	
T
h
e
	
c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
s
	
p
r
o
c
e
ss
	
w
ill
	
g
e
n
e
ral
l
y
	
e
scal
a
te
	
fr
o
m
	
c
u
st
o
me
r
	
s
e
r
v
i
c
e	(
h
o
w
c
an
	
w
e
	h
e
l
p
?
)
	t
o
w
ar
d
s
	
a
	
fr
o
n
t
-li
n
e
	
c
o
ll
e
ct
i
o
n
s
	
(
w
h
e
n
	
can
	
w
e
	
e
x
p
e
c
t
	p
a
y
me
n
t
?
)
	
a
pp
r
o
ach
	a
s	t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r’s
	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
c
y
	
a
n
d	risk
	
o
f
d
e
fa
u
lt
	
i
n
c
r
e
a
s
e
s.
	
All
	
past
	
due
	
l
e
ase
	
a
c
c
o
unts
	
are
	ev
alua
t
e
d	
o
n
	
th
e
ir
	
p
a
y
m
e
nt
	
due
	
d
a
te
	
and
	
a
ss
i
gn
e
d
	
a
	
sp
e
cific	c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
	
stra
t
e
gy	
w
hich	i
n
clud
e
s
pa
y
me
nt	n
o
t
i
c
e
s,
	e
m
ails	and	
t
e
lep
h
o
ne
	
f
o
llow-	up	calls	as
	
part	
o
f	the	d
e
linqu
e
ncy	life
c
y
cle	acti
v
i
ty	str
e
a
m
.
	
i.
I
n
i
t
i
a
l
	
D
e
li
nquen
c
y
/C
u
st
o
m
e
r	
Se
r
v
i
ce	C
al
l
	
	
U
n
less
	
t
h
e
	
sit
u
a
ti
o
n
	
r
e
qu
ires
	
it,
	
t
h
e
	
[***]
	
an	ac
c
o
u
n
t
	
w
o
u
ld
	
b
e
	wo
r
k
e
d
	
is
	
[***]
.
	
A
t
	
t
h
is
	
p
o
i
n
t,
	
T
e
s
l
a’s
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r	s
e
r
v
i
c
e
	
t
e
am
	w
ill
p
e
r
f
o
rm
	
c
o
u
r
te
s
y	calls
	
a
n
d	
e
m
ails
	
to	
e
n
s
u
re
	
b
illi
n
g
	
r
e
lat
e
d	
qu
e
st
i
o
n
s
	
(
t
h
e
	
mo
s
t
	
c
omm
o
n
	
r
e
as
o
n	
f
o
r
	e
arly	sta
g
e
	
d
eli
nqu
e
n
c
y
)
	
a
r
e
re
s
o
l
v
e
d
.
	
ii.
Fo
rm
a
l
	
D
ai
ly
	
C
ol
l
ec
ti
o
n	
A
c
ti
v
i
t
y
	
	
O
n
ce
	
a
c
c
o
un
t
	
b
e
c
om
e
s
	
[***]
,
	
T
e
sla
	
w
ill
	
t
u
rn
	
o
ve
r
	
f
o
r
m
al
	
c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
s
	
acti
v
i
t
y	to
	
o
u
r
	
se
r
v
icer’s
	
L
o
ss
	
M
i
ti
g
ati
o
n
	
Te
a
m
.
	
T
h
e
	
t
e
a
m
	
is
c
o
m
p
o
s
ed
	
o
f
	
r
e
p
rese
n
tati
v
es
	
assi
gn
ed	t
h
e
	
r
e
s
p
o
n
si
b
ili
t
y
	
o
f
	
h
a
n
d
li
n
g
	
o
u
t
b
o
un
d	a
n
d
	
i
nb
o
u
n
d
	
calls.
	
R
e
p
r
e
s
e
n
tat
i
ve
s
	
h
a
nd
li
n
g
o
u
t
b
o
un
d
	
c
alls
	
r
e
v
i
e
w
	
c
o
llect
i
o
n
	
li
s
ts
	
a
n
d
	
p
l
a
ce
	
calls	to
	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
t
	
a
c
c
o
un
t
s
.	R
e
p
r
e
s
e
n
tati
v
e
s
	
s
h
o
u
ld
	
at
t
em
p
t
	
t
o
	
a
dd
r
e
ss
	
c
u
s
t
o
m
e
r
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
cy
	
o
n
	
a
	
o
n
e-call
	
r
e
s
o
l
u
t
i
o
n	
b
asis.
	
T
h
e
	
W
o
rk
	
L
i
s
t
	
se
q
u
e
n
ces
	
a
cc
o
un
ts
	
f
o
r
	
f
o
l
l
o
w-
u
p
	
b
y
	
t
h
e
	
as
s
o
cia
t
e
	
b
a
s
ed
	
up
o
n	t
h
e
	
re
v
i
ew	
d
ate
	
a
n
d
	
p
a
y
m
e
n
t
	
d
u
e
	
d
a
te
.
	
T
h
is
	
list
d
is
p
la
y
s
	
t
h
e
	
first
	
‘
a
v
aila
b
le’
	
ac
c
o
un
t
	
o
n
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
l
lecti
o
n	list
	
a
n
d
	
re
qu
ires
	
t
h
e
	
as
s
o
c
i
ate
	
t
o
	
w
o
rk
	
t
h
e
	
a
c
c
o
un
t
	b
e
f
o
re
	
m
o
v
i
n
g
	
o
n
	
t
o
	
t
h
e
n
e
x
t
	
acc
o
un
t	r
e
qu
iri
n
g	c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
	
act
i
v
it
y
.
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
A
n	’a
v
aila
b
le’
	
ac
c
o
un
t
	
is
	
o
n
e
	
t
h
a
t
:
•
Is
	
sc
h
e
du
l
e
d	
t
o
	
b
e
	
w
o
r
k
e
d
	
t
h
at
	
d
ay
•
Is
	
n
o
t
	
b
e
i
n
g	
w
o
r
ke
d
	
b
y
	
a
n
o
t
h
e
r	as
s
o
cia
t
e
•
H
as
	
n
o
t
	
b
een
	
w
o
r
ked	t
h
a
t
	d
ay
	
O
n
ce
	
an
	
ac
c
o
un
t
	
h
as
	
b
een
	
w
o
r
k
e
d
,
	
t
h
e
	r
e
p
re
s
e
n
tat
i
v
e
	
m
u
s
t
	
assi
g
n
	
a
	
s
p
e
cific
	
a
ct
i
v
ity
	
c
o
d
e	
d
e
scri
b
i
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
l
l
e
ct
i
o
n
	
e
f
f
o
r
t
,
	
a
n
d
	
le
a
v
e
d
e
tailed
	
n
o
t
e
s
	o
f
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
ll
e
cti
o
n	act
i
v
i
t
y
	
in
	
t
h
e	c
u
st
o
m
er
’
s
	
ac
c
o
un
t.
	
Tesl
a
’
s
	
c
u
st
o
m
er	se
r
v
ice
	
t
e
a
m
	
h
as
	
v
i
e
wi
n
g
	
access	to
	
a
cc
o
u
n
t
n
o
tes	a
n
d
	
is
	
p
r
e
p
ar
e
d
	
t
o
	p
i
c
k
	u
p
	
w
h
e
re
	
t
h
e
	
s
e
r
v
ic
e
r
’
s
	t
e
a
m
	
l
e
ft
	
o
ff
	
s
h
o
u
ld
	
t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r
	
c
o
n
t
a
c
t	a	T
e
sla
	
r
e
p
r
e
s
e
n
tat
i
v
e
	
re
g
a
r
d
i
n
g
p
a
ym
e
n
t.
	
iii.
Collections	Risk	Strategy
	
Gi
ve
n
	
t
h
e
	
si
z
e
,
	
qu
ali
t
y
	
a
n
d
	
e
x
p
e
c
t
e
d
	
p
e
r
f
o
r
m
a
n
ce
	
o
f
	
ou
r
	
p
o
rt
f
o
li
o
,
	
all
	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
t
	
acc
o
un
ts	are
	
[***]
	
o
n
	
[***]
.	
[***]
	
c
u
st
o
me
rs
	w
ill
	
b
e
h
a
nd
led	
d
iffer
e
n
tly
	
t
h
an
	
t
h
o
s
e
	
[***]
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
[***]
.
	
C
u
s
t
o
m
i
z
e
d
	
d
ata	
d
ri
ve
n	
o
p
t
i
m
i
z
at
i
o
n
	
st
r
at
e
g
ies
	
at
	
t
h
e
	
a
cc
o
un
t
	
l
e
ve
l
	
i
n
c
o
r
p
o
r
a
ti
n
g
[***]
	w
ill
	
b
e
	
d
e
p
l
o
ye
d	
o
v
e
r	ti
m
e
.
	
O
ve
rall,
	
t
h
e
	
risk
	
a
pp
r
o
ach
	
t
o	c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
s
	
is
	
b
as
e
d
	
o
n	a
	
m
atrix
	
o
f	ris
k
/
e
x
p
o
s
u
r
e
	
l
e
ve
l
s
	
a
n
d
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
cy
	
s
ta
g
e
.
	
[***]
	
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
[***]
	D
e
li
nquen
c
y
	
T
h
e
	
l
o
w
	
e
n
d
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
ri
s
k
	
s
p
e
ctr
u
m
	
is
	
h
a
nd
l
e
d
	
t
h
r
o
ug
h
	
a
	
[***]
	
o
r
	
[***]
	
p
r
og
r
e
ssi
n
g	to
	
a
n
d	c
u
l
m
i
n
ati
n
g	in	
[***]
	
a
pp
r
o
ac
h
.
	
i
v
.
D
e
li
nquen
cy
	
Lif
e
c
yc
le	
A
ct
i
vi
t
y
	
	
T
h
e		f
o
l
l
ow
i
n
g
	
s
e
qu
e
n
c
e		
o
f
	
acti
v
it
i
e
s
	
w
ill
	
d
ri
v
e
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
	
e
f
f
o
r
t
s
	
t
h
r
o
ug
h
o
u
t
	
t
h
e	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
cy
	
lif
e
c
y
c
l
e
.
	
[***]
	
	
A
	
late
	
f
e
e
	o
f
	
5
%
	o
f
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
n
t
ract
u
al
	
b
a
s
e
	
m
o
n
t
h
ly
	
p
a
y
m
e
n
t
	
(
o
r	as
	
l
i
m
it
e
d	
b
y
	
st
a
te
	
l
a
w
s)
	o
f	a
n
y
	
a
mo
un
t
	
n
o
t
	
r
e
c
e
i
v
e
	
1
0
	d
a
y
s
	
af
t
e
r	t
h
e
du
e
	
d
a
t
e
	w
ill
	
b
e
	
c
o
lle
c
t
e
d
.
	
[***]
	
v.
End	of	Term	Payment	Collections
	
v
i
.
E
n
d	
o
f	T
e
rm
	Fee
s
	
C
o
ll
e
cti
o
ns
	
[***]
	
	
C
o
ll
e
cti
on
s
	
A
u
t
ho
r
i
ty
	an
d	E
x
c
ep
ti
ons
	
[***]
	
C
o
n
tact
	w
ill	
b
e
	
p
e
rf
o
r
me
d	
b
y
	
T
e
sl
a
’s
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r	s
e
r
v
ice
	
a
n
d	
o
p
e
rat
i
o
n
s
	
t
e
a
m
.
	
O
n
c
e
	
[***]
,
	
t
h
e
	
s
e
r
v
i
c
e
r’s
	
Lo
ss
	
M
iti
g
at
i
o
n
	
T
e
a
m
w
ill
	
b
e
g
in	c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
s
	
a
cti
v
i
ty
	
un
less	an
	
acc
o
un
t
	
h
as
	
b
e
e
n
	
fla
gg
e
d
	
as
	
“
D
N
C
	
–
	
D
o
	
No
t
	
C
o
n
t
act”
	
b
y
	
t
h
e
	
T
es
l
a	t
e
a
m
.
	
A
n
	
a
c
c
o
un
t
	
is
fla
gg
e
d
	
D
N
C
	
if
	
an
	
A
CH
	
o
r
	
o
t
h
e
r
	
p
a
y
me
n
t
	
iss
u
e
	
is
	
t
h
e
	
p
r
o
c
e
ss
	
o
f
	
b
e
i
n
g
	
r
e
s
o
l
v
e
d
.
	
Deli
nqu
e
n
cy	
c
ollect
i
o
n
s	a
c
tiviti
e
s
	
are	
p
er
f
o
r
med
	
b
y	t
h
e
	
se
r
vi
c
er.
	
T
h
e	C
S
O	M
a
n
a
g
er
	
st
a
ys
	
in	fre
qu
e
n
t
	
c
o
mm
un
ic
a
tion
	
with
	
t
h
e
L
oss
	
Miti
g
at
i
on
	
Ma
n
a
g
er
	
to
	
e
n
s
u
re
	
t
h
e
	
C
o
llectio
n
s
	
P
oli
c
y
	
i
s	a
dh
ered	
t
o,	a
n
d	t
h
a
t	c
u
s
t
o
mers
	
are	
r
ece
i
vi
n
g	T
F
L’s	
d
e
sired	
b
ra
n
d
a
n
d	c
u
s
to
mer
	
ex
p
erie
n
c
e.
	
In
	
un
i
qu
e
	
sit
u
ati
o
n
s
	
w
h
e
re
	
c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
s
	
a
ct
i
v
ity
	
m
a
y
	
d
e
v
iate
	
fr
o
m
	
t
h
e
	
sta
nd
ard
	
c
o
ll
e
cti
o
n
s
	
t
i
m
e
li
n
e
,	t
h
e
	
C
S
O
	
M
a
n
a
g
e
r
	
m
ay
	
a
u
t
h
o
ri
z
e
c
o
ll
e
ct
i
o
n
	
n
o
t
i
c
e
s
	
to
	b
e
	m
ailed
	
in
	
a
d
v
a
n
ce
	
o
r
	
aft
e
r
	
n
o
r
m
al
	
p
o
li
c
y	
gu
i
d
e
li
n
e
s.
	
T
h
e
	
C
S
O
	M
a
n
a
g
e
r
	
m
a
y
	
[***]
	
a
f
ter	
p
rese
n
ti
n
g
	
t
h
e
p
a
y
m
e
n
t
	
p
la
n
s
	
t
o
	
[***]
.
	
In
	
a
n
y
	
e
v
e
n
t
	
w
h
e
r
e
	
c
r
e
d
it
	
l
o
ss
	
m
a
y
	
o
c
c
u
r,
	
t
h
e
	
C
S
O
	
M
a
n
a
g
e
r
	
w
ill
	
p
r
o
v
i
d
e
	
f
u
ll
	
a
c
c
oun
t
	
d
e
tails
	
t
o
	
t
h
e	
P
resi
d
e
n
t
	
o
f	T
F
L
.	T
o
g
et
h
er,
	
t
h
e
P
resi
d
e
n
t
	
o
f	T
F
L
	
a
n
d
	
C
S
O
	
M
a
n
a
g
er
	
will
	
p
lan
	
t
h
e
	
op
ti
m
al
	
r
ec
o
v
e
r
y	strate
g
y
.	T
h
e
	
re
c
o
v
ery
	
s
t
r
ate
g
y
	
will
	
a
i
m
	
to	
m
i
n
i
m
i
z
e
	
l
o
ss,
	
p
r
o
te
c
t
t
h
e
	
ass
e
t
/
e
qu
i
p
m
e
n
t,
	
a
n
d	
m
ai
n
tain	
p
o
sit
i
v
e
	
c
u
s
t
om
er
	
ex
p
er
i
e
n
ce.
v
i
i.
C
u
st
o
m
e
r
	
C
on
t
a
ct
	
an
d	D
ocu
m
en
t
a
ti
o
n	P
o
l
i
cy
	
All
	
f
o
r
m
s	
o
f
	
c
om
m
unicat
i
o
n
	
(
t
e
leph
o
n
e
,
	
g
e
n
e
ral
	
c
o
rres
p
o
ndence,	
e
m
ail)
	
b
e
tw
e
en
	
TF
L
,	the	s
e
r
v
i
c
e
r
	
and
	
custom
e
rs
	
sh
o
uld
	
be
p
e
rf
o
r
me
d
	
in	an
	
appr
o
priate
	
pr
o
f
e
s
s
i
o
nal
	
m
ann
e
r.	R
e
pr
e
s
e
n
tativ
e
s
	
a
r
e
	
n
o
t
	
t
o	d
e
m
o
nstra
t
e
	
c
o
nduct
	
th
a
t
	
i
s
	
ann
oy
ing,
	
il
l
e
gal,
	
o
r
hara
s
sing.
	
Re
p
rese
n
tati
v
es	
m
u
st
	
u
ti
l
i
z
e
	
eff
e
cti
v
e
	
a
n
d
	
p
r
o
f
e
s
s
i
o
n
al
	
t
e
l
e
ph
o
n
e
	
skills	
w
h
e
n
	
c
o
n
t
a
cti
n
g	c
u
st
o
m
e
r
s.
	
W
h
en
	
s
p
e
a
ki
n
g
	
with
	
t
h
e
c
u
s
t
o
m
er,
	
re
p
r
ese
n
tat
i
v
e
s
	
m
u
st
	
i
d
e
n
tify	t
h
e
m
s
el
v
es
	
a
n
d	state
	
t
h
e
y
	
are
	
calli
n
g	
o
n	
b
e
h
alf	
o
f	
T
e
sla	
F
i
n
a
n
c
e
.
	
R
e
p
r
e
s
e
n
tati
v
e
s
	
m
u
st
	
n
o
t
	
i
nd
icate
	
t
h
e
y
	
a
r
e
	
calli
n
g	
o
n	
b
e
h
alf	
o
f	T
e
sla	
F
ina
n
ce
	w
h
e
n
	
s
p
e
a
ki
n
g
	
t
o
	
a	
p
arty
	
o
t
h
e
r
	
t
h
an	t
h
e
	d
e
b
t
o
r	
o
r
w
h
e
n	l
e
a
v
i
n
g
	
vo
i
c
e
	
m
e
ssa
g
e
s.
	
R
e
p
r
e
s
e
n
tati
v
e
s	s
h
o
u
ld
	
c
om
m
un
icate
	
in
	
a	clear,	c
on
fi
d
e
n
t
	
a
n
d
	
p
o
li
t
e
	m
a
nn
e
r
	
a
n
d
	
tr
e
a
t
	
a
l
l	c
u
st
o
me
r
s
	
fair
l
y
,
	
c
o
u
r
t
e
ou
sly
	
a
n
d
e
qu
ita
b
l
y
.
	
U
p
o
n	ass
u
m
i
n
g	c
o
n
tr
o
l	
o
f	t
h
e
	
c
o
nv
e
rsa
t
i
o
n
,	r
e
p
r
e
s
e
n
t
a
ti
v
e
s
	
s
h
o
u
ld	
e
mp
l
o
y
	
t
h
e
	
f
o
ll
o
w
i
n
g	
gu
i
d
e
li
n
e
s:
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
•
De
t
e
r
m
i
n
e
	
t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r
'
s
	
f
i
n
a
n
cial	sit
u
ati
o
n
.
•
D
e
mo
n
s
trate	
und
e
r
s
ta
nd
i
n
g	
b
y	
all
o
w
i
n
g	
t
h
e	
c
u
st
o
me
r	
t
h
e	
o
pp
o
r
t
un
ity	
t
o	
p
r
o
p
o
s
e	s
o
l
u
t
i
o
n
s
	
to
	
t
h
e
	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
c
y
.
	
C
u
s
t
o
m
e
rs
a
r
e
	
m
o
re
	
l
i
k
e
ly
	
t
o
	
f
o
ll
o
w
	
t
h
r
o
ug
h	
o
n
	
t
h
e
ir
	
o
w
n	
p
r
o
p
o
sals
	
o
r
	
p
r
o
m
is
e
s
	
rat
h
er
	
t
h
an	t
h
o
se
	
s
ugg
es
t
ed	
b
y
	
t
h
e
	
re
p
r
ese
n
t
ati
v
e.
•
Ex
p
l
o
re
	
v
ia
b
l
e
	
s
h
o
r
t
-t
e
r
m
	
a
n
d	l
o
ng
-t
e
r
m
	
s
o
l
u
ti
o
n
s
	t
o
	
t
h
e
	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
c
y
.
•
Offer
	
t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
om
er
	
satisf
a
ct
o
r
y
	
p
a
y
m
e
n
t
	
a
rra
ng
e
m
e
n
ts
	
to
	
r
e
m
i
t
	
t
h
e
	
f
u
ll
	
a
mo
u
n
t
	
du
e,	i
n
cl
ud
i
n
g	late
	
c
h
ar
g
e
s
.
*
•
O
b
tain
	
a
	
s
p
e
cific
	
a
n
d
	
d
e
tai
l
e
d
	
p
a
y
me
n
t
	
c
o
m
m
i
t
m
e
n
t
	
f
r
o
m
	
t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r
	
f
o
r
	
b
ri
ng
i
n
g
	
t
h
e	acc
o
un
t
	
c
u
rr
e
n
t.
•
E
m
ph
asi
z
e
	
to
	
t
h
e
	
c
u
st
om
er
	
t
h
e
	
i
m
p
o
r
ta
n
ce
	
o
f
	
kee
p
i
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
p
a
y
m
e
n
t
	
arra
ng
e
m
e
n
t
s.
•
F
o
ll
o
w
-
u
p	
o
n	
p
r
o
m
is
e
s
	
o
r
	c
o
m
m
i
t
m
e
n
ts
	
t
o
	
p
a
y
	
o
n	a
g
r
ee
d	
up
o
n	
d
a
t
e
s.
•
P
r
om
o
te
	p
o
s
i
ti
v
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
m
er
	
relat
i
o
n
s.
	
*O
n
ce
	
p
a
y
m
e
n
t
	
ar
r
a
ng
e
m
e
n
ts
	
are
	
o
b
tai
n
e
d
,
	
t
h
e
	
l
o
ss
	
m
iti
g
at
i
o
n
	
re
p
r
ese
n
t
a
ti
v
e
	
s
h
o
u
ld
	
e
n
s
u
re
	
t
h
e	a
pp
r
o
p
riate
	
s
y
s
te
m
	
e
n
t
r
y
	
n
o
t
e
s
	
a
n
d
upd
ate
	
tasks
	
are
	
a
cc
o
m
p
lis
h
e
d
.
	
v
i
i
i
.						
	
T
e
l
ephon
e	C
o
ll
e
cti
o
n	P
o
l
ic
y
	
T
F
L
	
c
o
ll
e
cti
o
n
	
p
r
o
c
e
du
r
e
s
	
e
m
ph
asi
z
e
	
t
h
e
	
u
se
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
t
e
l
e
ph
o
n
e
	
as
	
t
h
e
	
p
r
i
m
ary	
me
a
n
s
	
f
o
r	c
o
n
ta
c
ti
n
g
	
d
eli
nqu
e
n
t
	
c
u
s
t
o
m
ers.
Te
l
e
ph
o
n
e
	
c
o
n
ta
c
t
	
i
s
	
ti
m
e
l
y
	
a
n
d
	
o
f
t
en
	
p
r
ov
i
d
es	f
o
r
	
i
m
m
e
d
ia
t
e	r
e
s
u
lts.
	
W
h
e
n	c
o
ndu
cti
n
g
	
t
e
l
e
ph
o
n
e
	
c
o
l
l
e
ct
i
o
n
s,
	
it
	
is
	
p
o
licy
	
to
	
tr
e
at
	
all
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
t
	
c
u
st
o
me
r
s
	
in
	
a	fair
	m
a
nn
e
r
	
a
n
d	
c
om
p
l
y
	
w
i
th
	
all
	
r
e
gu
lat
i
o
n
s.
	
A
	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
t
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r
	
is
	e
n
t
i
tl
e
d	
t
o
	
r
e
c
e
i
v
e
	
h
e
l
p
f
u
l
assista
n
ce
	
in	a	
c
o
u
r
t
e
o
u
s
	
m
a
nn
e
r.
	
Ob
j
e
c
t
iv
e
s
:
	
T
h
e
	
re
p
r
ese
n
t
a
ti
v
e
'
s
	
m
ain
	
o
b
ject
i
v
e
s
	
in	
c
o
n
ta
c
ti
n
g	t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
m
er
	
s
h
o
u
ld	
b
e
:
	
•
V
e
rify		
p
e
r
ti
n
e
n
t
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r
	
i
n
f
o
r
m
a
ti
o
n
	
s
u
ch
	
a
s
	
c
u
r
r
e
n
t
	
ho
m
e
	
a
dd
r
e
ss,
	
hom
e
	
a
nd
/o
r	
bu
si
n
e
ss
	
t
e
l
e
ph
o
n
e
	
n
u
m
b
e
r,
	
a
n
d
e
m
p
l
o
y
m
e
n
t
	
s
tat
u
s.
•
O
b
tain	t
h
e
	
r
e
a
s
o
n
(s)
	
f
o
r	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
c
y
.
•
O
b
tain
	
a
	
fi
r
m
	
c
om
m
i
t
me
n
t
	
fr
o
m	
t
h
e	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r	
o
n	
p
a
y
m
e
n
t	
arra
ng
e
me
n
ts
	
f
o
r
	
b
ri
ng
i
n
g	t
h
e
	
ac
c
o
un
t
	
c
u
r
r
e
n
t
	
a
n
d
	
k
e
e
p
i
n
g	t
h
e
ac
c
o
un
t
	
c
u
rr
e
n
t
	un
til	acc
o
un
t
	
li
qu
i
d
ati
o
n
.
	
It
	
is	esse
n
tial	t
h
a
t
	
t
h
e
	
re
a
s
o
n	f
o
r	
d
eli
nqu
e
n
c
y
	
is	
d
e
t
er
m
i
n
e
d
,
	
n
o
ta
t
ed	
o
n	t
h
e
	
s
y
st
e
m
,
	
a
n
d	t
h
e	acc
o
un
t
	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
cy
	
is
	
r
e
s
o
l
v
e
d	
o
n
	
t
h
e
i
n
itial
	
c
u
s
t
om
e
r	
c
o
n
tact
	
(
o
n
ce
	
a
n
d	
d
o
n
e
)
.
	
B
a
s
i
c
	
G
u
i
del
i
ne
s	f
o
r
	
Eff
e
c
t
i
ve	C
u
s
t
o
m
e
r
	
I
n
t
e
r
a
cti
o
n
	
Each
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r	
h
as	a
	
r
e
as
on
(s)
	
f
o
r
	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
c
y
;
	
t
h
e
r
e
f
o
r
e
,	t
h
e
	
r
e
p
r
e
s
e
n
t
a
ti
v
e
	
mu
st
	
e
v
al
u
ate
	
a
n
d	
wo
rk
	
e
a
ch
	
ac
c
o
un
t
	
o
n
	
an
i
nd
i
v
i
du
al
	
b
asis.
	
T
h
e
	
r
e
p
r
e
s
e
n
tat
i
v
e	
m
u
st
	
m
ai
n
tain
	
a
	
p
o
sit
i
v
e
	
a
n
d	
p
r
o
f
e
ss
i
o
n
al
	
a
pp
r
o
a
ch
	
in
	
r
e
s
o
l
v
i
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
cy
	
s
i
t
u
ati
o
n
	
o
f
e
ach
	
a
c
c
o
un
t.
	
T
h
e
	
b
asic
	
gu
i
d
e
li
n
e
s	are
	
as
	
f
o
l
l
ow
s
:
	
•
F
o
c
u
s
	
o
n
	
Sp
e
cifics
	
-
	
T
h
e
	
r
e
p
rese
n
tat
i
v
e
	
m
u
st
	
f
o
c
u
s
	
o
n
	
t
h
e
	
s
p
ecifics	
o
f	
t
h
e
	
d
el
i
nqu
e
n
c
y	sit
u
ati
o
n
.
	
A
	
c
u
s
t
o
m
e
r
	
m
a
y
	
o
v
e
rr
e
a
c
t
to
	
t
h
e
	
m
o
st
	
bu
si
n
e
ss
	
like
	
c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
	
c
o
n
tact
	
b
y
	
raisi
n
g	
h
is
/
h
e
r
	
v
o
i
c
e
	
o
r
	
b
y
	
u
si
n
g	
p
r
o
fa
n
it
y
.
	
R
e
p
rese
n
t
ati
v
e
s
	
s
h
o
u
ld
	
n
o
t
	
t
a
ke
	
t
h
e
se
acti
o
n
s	
p
e
rs
o
n
ally
	
a
n
d	
n
e
ve
r	
r
e
p
ly
	
in	ki
nd
.
•
B
u
ild
	
a
n
d
	
M
ai
n
tain
	
S
e
lf-
C
on
fi
d
e
n
ce
	
a
n
d
	
S
e
lf
-
Est
ee
m
	
–
	
R
e
p
r
e
s
e
n
t
a
ti
v
e
s
	
m
u
st
	
e
m
ph
asi
ze	
t
h
e
	
b
e
n
e
fi
t
s	
o
f
	
k
ee
p
i
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
ac
c
o
un
t
in
	
g
oo
d
	
s
ta
nd
i
ng
,
	
w
it
h
o
u
t
	
e
ng
a
g
i
n
g
	
in
	
a
n
y
	
t
h
reats,	i
m
p
lied
	
o
r
	
o
t
h
e
r
w
is
e
.
•
B
u
ild
	
a
n
d
	
M
ai
n
tain
	
a
	
P
o
sit
i
ve
,
	
C
o
n
str
u
cti
v
e
	
R
e
lat
i
o
n
s
h
ip
	
–
	
Re
p
r
e
se
n
tat
i
v
e
s
	
m
u
s
t
	
a
d
v
i
s
e	t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
m
er
	
o
f
	
t
h
eir	i
n
t
e
n
ti
o
n	
t
o
h
elp
	
re
s
o
l
v
e
	
t
h
e
	
si
t
u
ati
o
n
.
	
	
	
D.		
	
B
an
k
r
up
t
c
y
	
H
and
li
n
g
	
	
Filing
	
o
f
	
the
	
bankrupt
c
y
	
p
e
titi
o
n
	
r
e
quir
e
s
	
(
w
ith
	
li
m
i
t
e
d
	
e
x
cept
i
o
ns)
	
TFL
	
t
o
	
ce
a
se	
o
r
	
"st
a
y
"
	
further	acti
o
n	
t
o
	
c
o
l
l
e
ct
	
t
h
e
ir
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
cla
i
m
s.	O
n
ce
	
file
d
,
	
t
h
e
	
p
e
tit
i
o
n	
p
r
o
h
i
b
its
	
acti
o
n
s
	
t
o
	
ac
c
e
lera
t
e
,
	
s
e
t
-
o
ff,	e
n
f
o
r
c
e
	
a
	
s
tat
u
t
o
r
y
,	
o
r	
o
t
h
erwise
	
c
o
llect	t
h
e
	
d
e
b
t.
	
T
h
e
	
p
etit
i
o
n
al
s
o
	
p
r
o
h
i
b
its
	
p
o
st-
	
b
a
n
kr
up
t
cy	c
o
n
ta
c
ts
	
with
	
t
h
e
	
le
s
see
	
(i
.
e.,
	
"
dunn
i
ng
"
	
l
et
t
ers
.
)
	
T
h
e	stay
	
r
e
m
ai
n
s
	
in
	
effe
c
t
	
un
til
	
t
h
e
	
b
a
n
kr
up
t
c
y
c
o
u
rt
	
rele
a
ses
	
t
h
e
	
les
s
ee’s
	
p
r
o
p
er
t
y
	
f
r
o
m
	
t
h
e
	
e
sta
t
e,
	
d
is
m
is
s
es
	
t
h
e
	
b
a
n
kr
up
t
c
y
	
ca
s
e,
	
a
n
d
	
a
pp
r
o
v
es	a	cre
d
i
t
o
r
'
s
	
re
qu
e
st
	
f
o
r	
t
e
r
m
i
n
at
i
o
n
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
stay
	
o
r
	
t
h
e
	
lessee
	
o
b
t
ai
n
s
	o
r
	
is
	
d
e
n
i
e
d
	
a	
d
isc
h
ar
g
e
.
	
E.		
	
R
epo
ss
e
s
s
i
o
n	
an
d	R
e
i
n
s
t
a
t
e
m
ent
	
	
U
n
less
	
[***]
,
	
t
h
e
	
r
e
p
o
ss
e
s
si
o
n
	
o
f
	
a
	
l
e
as
e
d	
ve
h
icle
	
[***]
	acti
o
n
	
c
o
n
si
d
e
r
e
d
	
to
	
r
e
s
o
l
v
e
	
t
h
e
	
sit
u
at
i
o
n
.
	
H
o
w
ev
e
r,
	
r
e
p
o
	
assi
g
n
me
n
t
	
s
h
o
u
ld
h
a
p
p
e
n
	
[***]
.
	
A
ll
	
r
e
p
o
	
assi
gnm
e
n
ts
	
m
u
st
	
b
e
	
a
pp
r
ove
d
	
b
y
	
t
h
e
	
P
r
e
si
d
e
n
t
	
o
f
	
T
F
L
.
	
T
F
L
	
w
ill	c
o
m
p
ly
	
w
ith	all
	
a
pp
lica
b
le
	
sta
t
e
	
l
e
ve
l
laws
	
r
e
g
ar
d
i
n
g
	
c
u
re
	
n
o
ti
c
e
s,
	
r
e
p
o
r
ti
n
g	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
cy
	
t
o	
bu
r
e
a
u
s,
	
a
n
d
	
ri
gh
t
	
t
o
	
r
e
i
n
s
t
at
e
.
	
R
e
p
o
s
s
e
s
s
e
d
	
ve
h
icl
e
s
	
m
ay
	
b
e
	
s
o
ld
	
at
	
pub
lic
a
u
c
ti
o
n
	
to
	
r
e
du
c
e
	
T
F
L
’
s	ex
p
o
s
u
r
e
	
t
o
	
l
o
ss.	T
h
e
	
P
res
i
d
e
n
t
	o
f
	
T
F
L
	
will	
d
e
ci
d
e
	
h
o
w
	
re
p
o
s
s
es
s
ed	e
qu
i
pm
e
n
t
	
is
	
s
o
l
d
.
F.
Fa
i
r
	
Debt	
C
o
ll
e
c
t
i
on	and	Re
g
u
l
ato
r
y	
C
om
p
li
an
c
e
	
G
ene
r
a
l
	
P
oli
cy
	
S
t
a
t
e
m
ent
	
It
	
is
	
T
F
L
’s
	
p
o
licy
	
t
o
	
f
o
ll
o
w
	
s
o
un
d
	
c
o
l
l
e
ct
i
o
n
s
	
p
ra
c
tic
e
s
	
i
n
	
lett
e
r
	
a
n
d
	
s
p
irit
	
to
	
c
om
p
l
y
	
w
i
th
	
a
pp
lica
b
le	f
e
d
e
ral
	
a
n
d
	
st
a
te
	
l
a
w
s.
	
T
h
e
c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
s
	
d
e
p
ar
t
me
n
t
	
w
ill
	
b
e
	
trai
n
e
d
	
a
n
d
	
r
e
qu
i
r
e
d
	
to
	
c
o
m
p
ly
	
w
ith
	
all	a
pp
lica
b
le
	
r
e
gu
lati
o
n
s
	
at
	
t
h
e
	
f
e
d
e
ral,
	
sta
t
e
,
	
a
n
d
	
l
o
cal
	
l
e
ve
l.
	
W
e
w
ill
	
f
o
l
l
o
w
	
t
h
e
	
p
r
o
v
i
si
o
n
s
	
a
n
d
	
i
n
t
e
n
t	
o
f	t
h
e
	F
air
	
De
b
t
	
C
o
ll
e
ct
i
o
n
	
P
racti
c
e
s
	
A
c
t
	
(
F
D
C
P
A
)
	
t
o
:
	
•
Eli
m
i
n
ate
	
t
h
e
	
u
se
	
o
f
	
a
bu
s
i
ve
,
	
d
e
c
e
p
t
i
ve
,
	
a
n
d
	
un
fair
	
d
e
b
t
	
c
o
l
l
e
ct
i
o
n
	
p
racti
c
e
s
	
b
y
	
d
e
b
t	c
o
lle
c
t
o
r
s,
•
To
	
e
n
s
u
re
	
t
h
at
	
t
ho
se
	
r
e
p
u
ta
b
le
	
d
e
b
t
	
c
o
l
l
e
c
t
o
rs
	
w
h
o
	
r
e
frain
	
fr
o
m
	
u
si
n
g
	
a
bu
si
v
e
	
d
e
b
t	c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n	
p
r
a
cti
c
e
s
	
are
	no
t
c
o
m
p
et
i
ti
v
ely
	
d
is-a
d
v
a
n
t
a
g
e
d
,
	
a
n
d
•
P
r
om
o
te
	
c
o
n
siste
n
t
	
st
a
te
	
a
cti
o
n
	
to
	
p
r
o
t
ect
	
c
o
n
s
u
m
e
r
s
	
a
g
ai
n
st
	
d
e
b
t
	
c
o
l
l
ect
i
o
n	a
b
u
ses.
	
T
h
e
	
FD
C
P
A
	
d
e
fi
n
e
s
	
act
i
v
i
t
ies
	
t
h
at
	
are
	
h
arassi
ng
,
	
d
e
c
e
p
ti
v
e
,
	o
r
	o
t
h
e
r
w
ise
	
un
a
cc
e
p
ta
b
le.	T
h
e	re
p
rese
n
t
a
ti
v
es
	
are
	
n
o
t
	p
e
r
m
it
t
ed
	
to
e
ng
a
g
e
	
in
	
a
n
y
	
c
ondu
ct
	
t
h
at
	
w
o
u
ld
	
m
isl
e
a
d
,
	
h
arass,
	
o
r
	
a
bu
se	a
n
y
	
p
e
r
s
o
n
.	
So
m
e
	
e
x
a
m
p
l
e
s
	o
f
	
s
u
ch	
c
o
ndu
ct
	
i
n
cl
ud
e
:
	
•
T
h
e	
u
s
e
	
o
r
	
t
h
reat
	
o
f
	
v
i
o
l
e
n
ce,
	
o
r
	
o
t
h
er
	
cr
i
m
i
n
al
	
m
ea
n
s
	
t
o	
h
a
r
m
	
t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
m
er,
	
t
h
e	c
u
st
o
me
r
'
s
	
r
e
pu
tat
i
o
n
,
	
o
r	
t
h
e
c
u
s
t
o
m
e
r
'
s
	
p
r
o
p
e
r
t
y
.
•
C
o
ll
e
c
ti
n
g	a
n
y
	
a
m
o
un
t
	
un
l
e
ss
	
a
u
t
h
o
ri
z
e
d
	
b
y
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
n
tr
a
ct
	o
r
	
a
pp
lica
b
le
	
l
a
w
.
•
T
h
e
	
u
se
	
o
f
	
o
b
sc
e
n
e
	
o
r
	
p
r
o
fa
n
e
	
la
ngu
a
g
e
,
	
o
r
	
l
a
ngu
a
g
e
	
w
h
ich
	
t
h
e
	
r
e
c
e
i
v
i
n
g
	
p
a
r
t
y
	
c
o
u
ld	c
o
n
si
d
e
r	a
bu
s
i
ve
.
•
Calli
n
g
	
o
u
tsi
d
e
	
t
h
e
	
h
o
u
rs
	
o
r
	
fr
e
qu
e
n
c
y
	
p
r
e
scri
b
e
d
	
b
y
	
l
a
w
.
	
E
ng
a
g
i
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
c
u
st
om
e
r
	
o
r
	
a
n
y	t
h
ird
	
p
e
rs
o
n
	
(
t
o
	
t
h
e
	
ex
t
e
n
t
o
t
h
e
r
wise
	
p
e
r
m
i
t
te
d
)
	
in
	
te
l
e
ph
o
n
e
	
c
o
nv
ersat
i
o
n
	
re
p
e
a
te
d
ly
	
o
r	c
o
n
ti
nu
o
u
s
l
y
.
•
C
o
n
ti
nu
o
u
s
	
at
t
em
p
t
s
	
t
o
	
c
on
tact
	
a
	
c
u
s
t
o
m
e
r	t
h
r
o
ug
h	
t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
m
e
r
'
s
	
e
m
p
l
o
y
e
r.
•
F
aili
n
g	to
	
r
e
v
e
al	
t
o
	
t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
m
e
r	t
h
a
t
	
t
h
e
	pu
r
p
o
se
	
o
f
	t
h
e
	
call	is
	
to
	
c
o
llect
	
a	
d
e
b
t.
•
T
h
reate
n
i
n
g
	
t
o
	
i
n
itia
t
e
	
a
	
s
p
e
cific
	
t
y
p
e
	
o
f
	
c
o
lle
c
ti
o
n
	
acti
o
n
	
a
g
ai
n
s
t
	
t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r
	
t
h
at	ca
nn
o
t
	
b
e
	
ta
k
en	le
g
al
l
y
	
o
r	
f
o
r	w
h
ich
t
h
e
r
e
	
is
	
n
o
	
i
n
te
n
t
	
to
	
take
	
t
h
e
	
a
ct
i
o
n
.
•
I
m
p
l
y
i
n
g
	
t
h
at
	
n
o
n
-
p
a
y
m
e
n
t
	
w
ill
	
r
e
s
u
lt
	
in
	
arr
e
s
t
,
	
i
m
p
ris
o
nm
e
n
t,
	
o
r
	
g
ar
n
is
h
me
n
t
	
o
f
	
w
a
g
e
s	
o
r
	
o
t
h
e
r
w
ise
	
fal
s
e
ly
	
r
e
p
r
es
e
n
ti
n
g
t
h
e
	
a
mo
un
t
	
t
h
at
	
m
ay
	
b
e
	
c
o
ll
e
c
t
e
d
	
o
r
	
t
h
e
	
m
a
nn
e
r
	
in	
w
h
ich	
c
o
ll
e
ct
i
o
n
	
m
ay
	b
e
	
e
n
f
o
rc
e
d
.
•
F
als
e
ly
	
r
e
p
r
e
s
e
n
ti
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
o
u
tsta
nd
i
n
g
	
b
ala
n
ce
	
a
mo
un
t
	
o
r
	
n
at
u
re
	
o
r
	
stat
u
s
	
o
f
	
an
	
a
cc
o
un
t
,	
o
r	t
h
e
	p
e
n
alt
i
e
s
	
o
r	la
t
e
	
c
h
a
r
g
e
s
t
h
at
	
m
a
y
	
b
e
	
ass
e
ss
e
d
	
b
e
ca
u
se
	
o
f	
n
o
n
-	
p
a
y
me
n
t.
•
U
t
ili
z
i
n
g
	
d
e
c
e
p
ti
v
e
	me
a
n
s
	o
r
	
false
	
r
e
p
r
e
s
e
n
tat
i
o
n
s
	
in	an
	
att
e
m
p
t
	
t
o
	
c
o
ll
e
ct
	
an
	
a
c
c
o
un
t
	o
r	to
	
o
b
tain	i
n
f
o
r
m
ati
o
n
	
c
o
n
c
e
r
n
i
n
g
t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r.
•
P
laci
n
g	
c
o
lle
c
t
	
t
e
le
ph
o
n
e
	
c
alls	to
	
t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
m
e
r.
•
A
tt
e
m
p
ti
n
g
	
to
	
s
h
a
m
e
	
o
r
	
d
i
s
g
race
	
a
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r
	
b
y
	
f
als
e
l
y
	
r
e
pr
e
s
e
n
ti
n
g
	
o
r
	
i
m
p
l
y
i
n
g	t
h
at
	
t
h
e	c
u
st
o
me
r
	
h
as
	
c
o
mm
i
tt
e
d
	
a
	
cri
m
e
o
r
	
ac
t
e
d	
d
is
g
rac
e
f
u
l
l
y
.
•
Use
	
o
f
	
a
n
y
	
bu
si
n
e
s
s
,
	
c
o
m
p
a
n
y
,
	
o
r
	
o
r
g
a
n
i
z
at
i
o
n
	
n
a
m
e
s
	
o
t
h
e
r
	
t
h
an
	
t
h
at
	
o
f
	
T
e
sla
	
F
i
n
a
n
ce
	
LL
C
a
n
d	Tesla
	
L
ea
s
e
	
Tr
u
s
t.
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
•
D
isc
u
ssi
n
g
	
t
h
e
	
d
e
li
nqu
e
n
cy
	
stat
u
s
	
o
f
	
an
	
a
c
c
o
un
t
	
w
i
th
	
a
n
y
	
p
er
s
o
n
	
o
t
h
er
	
t
h
an
	
t
h
e
	
c
u
st
o
m
er,	
un
less
	
s
p
e
cifical
l
y
	
a
u
t
h
o
ri
z
e
d	
b
y
t
h
e
	
c
u
s
t
o
me
r
	
in	
w
rit
i
ng
.
•
D
e
c
e
p
ti
v
e
	
cla
i
m
s
	
re
g
ar
d
i
n
g
	
d
e
b
t
	
p
a
y
m
e
n
ts
	
a
n
d
	
i
m
p
act
	
o
n
	
cre
d
i
t
	
re
p
o
rts,
	
s
c
o
r
es,
	
a
n
d	cr
e
d
it
	
w
o
r
t
h
i
n
e
ss.
	
In
	
a
dd
iti
o
n
,
	
w
e
	
w
ill
	
f
u
lly
	
c
o
m
p
ly
	
w
ith
	
t
h
e
	
f
o
l
l
ow
i
n
g
	
r
e
gu
lati
o
n
s
	
t
h
at
	
g
e
n
e
ral
l
y
	
a
pp
ly
	
t
o
	
T
F
L
’s	s
e
r
v
ici
n
g	a
n
d
	
c
o
l
l
e
ct
i
o
n	ac
t
i
v
itie
s
:
	
•
E
F
TA
•
G
L
BA	
(
P
ri
v
acy
	
R
u
le
	
a
n
d	
N
o
t
ic
e
,
	
R
e
g
.	
P
)
•
S
CRA
•
Ba
n
kr
up
tcy
	
L
a
w
s
•
I
n
f
o
r
m
a
ti
o
n	
S
e
c
u
rity
	
(
S
afe
g
u
ar
d
s
	
R
u
le)
•
S
e
r
v
ice
	
P
r
o
v
i
d
e
rs
	
/
	
V
e
nd
o
r
	
M
a
n
a
g
e
me
n
t
•
C
u
st
o
me
r
	
C
o
m
p
lai
n
t
	
M
a
n
a
g
eme
n
t
	
	
i.
Tr
a
i
n
i
n
g
	
	
All	r
e
pr
e
s
e
nt
a
tiv
e
s
	
inv
o
l
v
e
d	in	s
e
r
v
icing	and	
c
o
lle
c
tions
	
are
	
train
e
d	and	
c
e
r
t
ifi
e
d	
o
n	t
h
e	Fair
	
D
e
bt
	
C
o
ll
e
ct
i
o
n	
P
ract
i
c
e
s
	
A
ct
	
and
additi
o
nal
	
c
o
m
pliance
	
training
	
is
	
d
o
n
e
	
by
	
the	s
e
r
v
i
c
e
r’s
	
L
oss
	
M
itigat
i
o
n
	
M
anag
e
r.
	
ii.
C
u
st
o
m
e
r
	
L
e
tt
e
r
s
	
	
T
h
e
	
P
ri
v
a
cy
	
N
o
ti
c
e
	
is	
m
ail
e
d
	
with
	
t
h
e
	
fir
s
t
	
s
tat
e
m
e
n
t
	
t
o
	
t
h
e
	
le
a
se
	
c
u
s
t
o
m
er
	
a
n
d
	
a
nnu
ally	t
h
e
r
e
af
t
e
r.	
Add
iti
o
n
al	le
t
t
e
rs
	
s
e
n
t
	o
u
t
du
ri
n
g	t
h
e
	
s
e
r
v
ici
n
g	a
n
d	c
o
llect
i
o
n
s	
p
r
o
ce
ss	
m
a
y	i
n
cl
ud
e
	
c
o
l
l
ect
i
o
n	le
t
ters,
	
r
e
p
o
s
s
essi
o
n
	
n
o
t
i
ces,
	
a
n
d	
e
n
d	
o
f	lea
s
e
	
n
o
ti
c
es.
	
ii
i
.
A
ud
it	P
oli
cy
	
	
T
F
L
’s
	
bu
si
n
e
ss
	
a
c
ti
v
i
ties
	
are
	
s
ub
j
e
ct
	
t
o
	
p
e
r
i
o
d
ic
	
a
ud
i
t
s
	
i
n
	
acc
o
r
d
a
n
ce
	w
ith	T
e
sla	I
n
c.
	
Aud
it	C
o
mm
i
tt
e
e
	
r
u
les
	
a
n
d
	
risk
	
a
ss
e
s
s
me
n
t
r
e
s
u
lts.
	
T
h
is
	
r
e
v
i
e
w
	
m
ay
	
c
o
v
e
r
	
all
	
l
e
as
e
s
	
o
r
	
i
n
cl
ud
e	a
	
sa
m
p
le	
o
v
e
r
	
a
	
p
r
e
d
e
t
e
r
m
i
n
e
d
	
p
e
ri
o
d
,
	
c
u
r
r
e
n
t
	
a
n
d
	
p
ast
	
du
e
	
a
n
d
	
li
qu
i
d
at
e
d
l
e
as
e
s.
	
I
n	a
dd
iti
o
n
,
	
a
	
sa
m
p
l
e
	
o
f
	s
m
al
l
e
r
	
lea
s
e
s
	
m
a
y
	
al
s
o
	
b
e
	
e
xa
m
i
n
e
d
	
to
	
e
n
s
u
re
	
c
om
p
lia
n
c
e
	
a
n
d
	
flag	
m
a
j
o
r	
d
e
p
ar
t
u
r
e
	
f
r
o
m
e
s
t
a
b
lis
h
e
d	
p
o
licy
	
a
n
d	
p
r
o
c
e
d
u
r
e
s.
	
i
v
.
R
e
c
o
r
d
s
	
R
e
t
en
ti
o
n
	
	
T
h
e
	
f
o
l
l
ow
i
n
g
	d
o
c
um
e
n
ts
	
a
n
d
	
i
n
f
o
r
m
at
i
o
n
	
w
ill
	
b
e
	h
e
ld
	
f
o
r
	
a
	
p
e
r
i
o
d
	
no
t
	
less
	
t
h
an
	r
e
qu
ir
e
d	
b
y
	
stat
u
tes
	
in
	
ele
c
tr
o
n
ic
	
f
o
r
m
at,
	
w
h
e
r
e
po
ssi
b
le:
•
R
e
fr
e
sh
	
cr
e
d
it
	
r
e
p
o
r
t
	
o
b
ta
i
n
e
d	fr
o
m
	
a
	
cr
e
d
it
	
r
e
p
o
r
ti
n
g	a
g
e
n
c
y
,
•
Ot
h
e
r	s
upp
o
r
ti
n
g	i
n
f
o
r
m
at
i
o
n	
o
b
tai
n
e
d	
du
ri
n
g	t
h
e
	
c
o
l
l
e
ct
i
o
n
s
	
p
r
o
c
e
ss,
•
C
o
p
ies
	
o
f	all
	
le
g
al	a
n
d	
c
o
ll
e
cti
o
n	
n
o
ti
c
e
s
	
s
e
n
t
	
t
o
	
t
h
e
	
c
u
st
o
me
r,
•
An
y
	
w
rit
t
e
n
	
c
om
p
lai
n
t
	
filed
	
b
y
	
t
h
e
	
a
pp
lica
n
t
	
alle
g
i
n
g
	
a
	
v
i
o
l
a
ti
o
n
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
law
	
b
y
	
T
F
L
,
•
C
o
p
y
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
	
lea
s
e
	
sales
	
c
o
n
tract,
	
i
n
cl.
	
t
h
e
	
s
e
c
u
r
i
ty
	
a
g
r
e
e
me
n
t
	
e
n
f
o
r
c
e
a
b
le
	
in
	
t
h
e	j
u
ris
d
icti
o
n	
w
h
e
re
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
l
l
at
e
ral
	
is
	
l
o
c
a
t
e
d
,
w
h
e
r
e
b
y
	
T
F
L
	
can	ac
qu
ire
	
t
i
tle
	
a
n
d	r
e
p
o
s
s
e
ss
	
t
h
e
	
c
o
lla
t
e
ral	
p
r
o
p
e
r
t
y
	
in	t
h
e
	
e
ve
n
t
	
o
f
	
a	
d
e
f
a
u
lt.
	
G.		
	
C
ha
rg
e
-
o
ff	P
ol
i
cy
	
	
T
h
e
	
g
e
n
e
r
al
	
p
o
l
i
cy
	
is
	
t
o
	
c
h
a
r
g
e
-
o
ff
	
[***]
.
	
T
h
e
	
f
o
l
l
ow
i
n
g
	
c
ond
iti
o
n
s
	
s
h
o
u
ld	
g
e
n
e
rally
	
r
e
s
u
lt
	
in	a
	
c
h
ar
ge
-
o
ff:
	
[***]
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
H.		
	
L
ea
s
e	E
x
t
en
si
o
n	P
o
l
i
c
y
	
C
u
st
o
me
rs
	
i
n
t
e
r
e
s
ted
	
in
	
e
x
te
nd
i
n
g
	
t
h
eir
	
lease	
m
ay
	
ex
te
n
d
	
f
o
r
	
a
	
m
a
xi
m
u
m
	o
f
	
[***]
	
b
e
y
o
n
d	
o
ri
g
i
n
al
	
c
o
n
tr
a
ct
	
m
at
u
ri
t
y
	
d
ate
	
a
n
d
	
m
a
y
c
om
p
l
e
te
	
t
h
e
	
e
xt
e
n
s
i
o
n
	
f
o
r
m
	
w
it
h
in
	
[***]
	
o
f
	
o
ri
g
i
n
al	
m
at
u
ri
t
y
	
d
at
e
.	
T
o
	
qu
alify
	
f
o
r	
e
xt
e
n
s
i
o
n
,	t
h
e
	
lea
s
e
	
ac
c
oun
t	
m
u
st	
b
e
	e
li
g
i
b
le,
i
n
cl
u
d
i
n
g
	
t
h
at
	
it
	m
u
st	
b
e
	
c
u
rr
e
n
t
	
o
n
	
p
a
y
me
n
ts.
	
O
n
ce
	
an
	
a
c
c
o
un
t
	
is
	
d
e
t
e
r
m
i
n
e
d
	
t
o
	
b
e
	
e
li
g
i
b
le
	
f
o
r
	
e
x
t
e
n
s
i
o
n
,
	
an
	
e
x
t
e
n
si
o
n	f
o
rm
	
is
si
gn
e
d
	
b
y
	
t
h
e
	
l
e
ss
e
e
(s)
	
a
n
d
	
T
F
L
.
	
A
n
	
a
c
c
o
un
t
	
is	
n
o
t
	
f
o
r
m
ally
	
e
xt
e
nd
e
d
	
un
l
e
ss
	
a
	
c
o
m
p
l
e
t
e
d	exte
n
s
i
o
n	
f
o
r
m
	
is
	
a
cce
p
t
ed
	
at
	
T
F
L
’s
d
isc
r
et
i
o
n
.
	
I.
L
ea
se	R
epu
rc
ha
se
	
P
o
l
ic
y
	
	
Lease
	
re
pu
rc
h
as
e
s
	
b
y
	
Tesla,
	
I
n
c.
	
may
	
o
c
c
u
r
	
if
	
t
h
e
	
l
ease
	
c
u
st
o
mer
	
ex
p
er
i
e
n
ces
	
r
elia
b
ility
	
iss
u
es
	
with	t
h
e	ve
h
ic
l
e.	T
h
e	lea
s
e
re
p
u
rc
h
ase	will	
b
e	
p
r
o
ces
s
ed	
d
iffere
n
tly	
b
a
s
ed	on	
v
e
h
icle	
t
itle	stat
u
s.	In	all	lease
	
r
e
pu
rc
h
ase
	
s
i
t
u
at
i
o
n
s,
	
t
h
e
	
l
ess
e
e(s)
	
will
	
si
g
n
	
a
r
elease
	
of	lia
b
ility
	
a
n
d	o
do
me
t
er
	
d
isc
l
os
u
re	form.
	
J.
I
n
s
u
r
an
c
e
	
Tr
a
c
k
i
n
g
	
	
•
P
r
o
o
f	
o
f	
i
n
s
u
ra
n
ce	
is	
a	
f
und
i
n
g	
r
e
qu
ir
eme
n
t,	
m
e
a
n
i
n
g	
leases	
are	
n
o
t	
b
o
o
k
ed	
un
til	i
n
s
u
ra
n
ce
	
is
	
p
r
o
v
i
d
e
d
	
(
e
it
h
e
r
	
c
u
rr
e
n
t
v
e
h
ic
l
e
	
i
n
s
u
ra
n
c
e
,
	
o
r
	
i
n
s
u
ra
n
c
e
	
listi
n
g
	
t
h
e
	n
e
w
	
T
e
sla	
ve
h
icl
e
).
•
If
	
t
h
e
	
ser
v
i
cer’s
	
i
n
s
u
ra
n
c
e
	
t
r
acki
n
g
	
te
a
m
	
do
es
	
n
o
t
	
r
ece
i
v
e
	
c
o
m
p
lete
	
i
n
s
u
ra
n
c
e
	
i
n
f
o
r
m
at
i
o
n	
[***]
,
	
T
e
sla’s
	
C
S
O
	
lead	
w
ill
	
s
e
n
d
e
ach
	
c
u
s
t
o
m
e
r	an
	
em
ail	r
e
qu
e
sti
n
g	a	
c
o
p
y
	
o
f
	
t
h
e
ir	
i
n
s
u
ra
n
ce
	
car
d
,
	
li
s
ti
n
g	t
h
e
	
T
e
sla	lea
s
e
d
	
ve
h
icle.
•
If
	
Tesla
	
o
r
	
t
h
e
	
s
e
r
v
ic
e
r
	
r
e
c
e
i
ve
s
	
no
tificat
i
o
n
	
t
h
at
	
t
h
e
	
i
n
s
u
ra
n
ce
	
p
o
li
c
y
	
h
as
	
b
ee
n
	
c
h
a
ng
e
d
,	ca
n
c
e
lle
d
,
	o
r
	
al
t
e
r
e
d
,
	
t
h
e
	
ser
v
i
c
er
re
a
c
h
es
	o
u
t
	
to
	
t
h
e
	
i
n
s
u
ra
n
ce
	
c
o
m
p
a
n
y
	
f
o
r	
upd
at
e
d	
p
o
licy
	
d
e
tails.
•
If
	
t
h
e
	
se
r
v
icer
	
i
s
	
un
a
b
le
	
t
o
	
r
e
ach
	
t
h
e
	
i
n
s
u
ra
n
c
e
	
c
om
p
a
n
y
,
	
t
h
e
	
C
S
O
	
L
e
ad
	
e
m
ails
	
t
h
e
	
l
e
ss
e
e
s	
d
ir
e
ctly
	
f
o
r	
p
o
li
c
y
	
i
n
f
o
r
m
a
t
i
o
n
.
•
If
	
t
h
e
	
C
S
O
	
L
e
ad
	
is
	
un
a
b
le
	
t
o
	
r
e
ach
	
t
h
e
	
les
s
e
e
	
o
ve
r
	
e
m
ail,
	
t
h
e
	
se
r
v
icer
	
c
o
n
tacts
	
t
h
e
	
les
s
ee	
b
y
	
ph
o
n
e
	
to
	
r
e
s
o
l
v
e
.
	
K.		
	
C
o
ll
e
c
t
i
ons	and	Po
r
tfo
li
o
	
Mana
g
ement
	
Met
r
i
c
s
	
	
Ti
me
l
y
	
t
racki
n
g
	
a
n
d
	
r
e
p
o
r
t
i
n
g
	
o
f
	
a
pp
r
o
pri
a
te
	m
e
trics	are
	
k
e
y
	
to
	e
ff
e
cti
v
e
	
ri
s
k
	
a
n
d
	
p
e
rf
o
r
m
a
n
ce	
m
a
n
a
g
e
me
n
t.
	
T
h
e
	
f
o
l
l
ow
i
n
g
	
me
tr
i
cs
w
ill
	
b
e
	
trac
k
e
d
	
f
o
r
	
a
pp
r
o
p
riate
	
a
c
ti
o
n
s
	
[***]
	
as	t
h
e
	
p
o
r
tf
o
l
i
o
	
g
r
ow
s
	
a
n
d	
p
e
rf
o
r
m
a
n
ce
	
e
v
o
l
ve
s
:
[***]
	
	
	
	
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Schedule	8
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
	
Commitments	of	Lenders
	
Committed	Lender
Commitment
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch
$350,000,000.00
Citibank,	N.A.
$325,000,000.00
Royal	Bank	of	Canada
$157,500,000.00
Credit	Suisse	AG,	Cayman	Islands	Branch
$135,000,000.00
Barclays	Bank	PLC
$132,500,000.00
Total:
$1,100,000,000.00
	
Schedule	8-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Schedule	9
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
	
Short-Term	Note	Rate
	
The	Short-Term	Note	Rate	applicable	to	each	of	
CAFCO,	LLC,	CHARTA,	LLC,	CIESCO,	LLC,	CRC	Funding,	LLC
	for	any
Interest	Period	(or	portion	thereof),	shall	be	determined	as	follows:	(a)	to	the	extent	that	such	Conduit	Lender	funds	its
Percentage	of	the	Loan	Balance	during	such	Interest	Period	with	Short-Term	Notes,	the	per	annum	rate	equal	to	the
weighted	average	of	the	rates	at	which	all	Short-Term	Notes	issued	by	such	Conduit	Lender	to	fund	its	Percentage	of	the
Loan	Balance	during	such	Interest	Period	were	sold,	which	rates	include	all	dealer	commissions	and	other	costs	of	issuing
such	Short-Term	Notes,	whether	any	such	Short-Term	Notes	were	specifically	issued	to	fund	its	Percentage	of	the	Loan
Balance	or	are	allocated,	in	whole	or	in	part,	to	such	funding,	and	(b)	otherwise,	the	Bank	Interest	Rate.
	
The	Short-Term	Note	Rate	applicable	to	
GIFS	Capital	Company	LLC
	means,	for	any	day	during	any	Interest	Period,	the
per	annum	rate	equivalent	to	(a)	the	rate	(expressed	as	a	percentage	and	an	interest	yield	equivalent	and	calculated	on	the
basis	of	a	360-day	year)	or,	if	more	than	one	rate,	the	weighted	average	thereof,	paid	or	payable	by	such	Conduit	Lender
from	time	to	time	as	interest	on	or	otherwise	in	respect	of	the	Short-Term	Notes	issued	by	such	Conduit	Lender	that	are
allocated,	in	whole	or	in	part,	by	such	Conduit’s	Lender’s	agent	to	fund	the	purchase	or	maintenance	of	the	Loans
outstanding	made	by	such	Conduit	Lender	(and	which	may	also,	in	the	case	of	a	pool-funded	conduit	Conduit	Lender,	be
allocated	in	part	to	the	funding	of	other	assets	of	such	Conduit	Lender	and	which	Short-Term	Notes	need	not	mature	on	the
last	day	of	any	Interest	Period)	during	such	Interest	Period	as	determined	by	such	Conduit	Lender’s	agent,	which	rates
shall	reflect	and	give	effect	to	(i)	certain	documentation	and	transaction	costs	(including,	without	limitation,	dealer	and
placement	agent	commissions,	and	incremental	carrying	costs	incurred	with	respect	to	Short-Term	Notes	maturing	on
dates	other	than	those	on	which	corresponding	funds	are	received	by	such	Conduit	Lender)	associated	with	the	issuance	of
the	Conduit	Lender’s	Short-Term	Notes,	and	(ii)	other	borrowings	by	such	Conduit	Lender,	including	borrowings	to	fund
small	or	odd	dollar	amounts	that	are	not	easily	accommodated	in	the	commercial	paper	market,	solely	to	the	extent	such
amounts	are	allocated,	in	whole	or	in	part,	by	the	Conduit	Lender’s	agent	to	fund	such	Conduit	Lender’s	purchase	or
maintenance	of	the	Loans	outstanding	made	by	such	Conduit	Lender	during	such	Interest	Period;	
provided,	that
,	if	any
component	of	such	rate	is	a	discount	rate,	in	calculating	the	applicable	“Short-Term	Note	Rate”	for	such	day,	such	Conduit
Lender’s	agent	shall	for	such	component	use	the	rate	resulting	from	converting	such	discount	rate	to	an	interest	bearing
equivalent	rate	per	annum.
	
The	Short-Term	Note	Rate	applicable	to	
Salisbury	Receivables	Company	LLC	
shall	mean,	for	each	day	during	an
Interest	Period,	the	greater	of	(x)	zero	and	(y)	the	weighted	average	rate	at	which	interest	or	discount	is	accruing	on	or	in
respect	of	the	Short-Term	Notes	with	respect	to	such	Conduit	Lender	allocated,	in	whole	or	in	part,	by	the	related	Agent,	to
fund	the	purchase	or	maintenance	of	such	portion	of	such	Loan	Balance	(including,	without	limitation,	any	interest
attributable	to	the	commissions	of	placement	agents	and	dealers	in	respect	of	such	Short-Term	Notes	and	any	costs
associated	with	funding	small	or	odd-lot	amounts,	to	the	extent	that	such	commissions	or	costs	are	allocated,	in	whole	or	in
part,	to	such	Short-Term	Notes	by	such	Agent);	
provided,	that
,	notwithstanding	anything	herein	to	the	contrary,	the	Short-
Term	Note	Rate	with	respect	to	Salisbury	Receivables	Company	LLC	shall,	at	the	election	of	the	related	Agent,	be
determined	by	such	Agent	by	application	of	this	definition	of	Short-Term	Note	Rate	with	the	words	“short-term	promissory
notes	of	Sheffield	Receivables	Company	LLC”	replacing	the	words	“Short-Term	Notes	with	respect	to	such	Conduit	Lender”
or	“such	Short-Term	Notes”	wherever	they	appear	herein.
	
Schedule	8-2
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Exhibit	A
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
	
Form	of	Loan	Request
Loan	Request
[DATE]
To:		
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,
as	Administrative	Agent
60	Wall	Street,	5
th
	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10005
Attention:	Katherine	Bologna
	
VIA	EMAIL,	FACSIMILE	AND	OVERNIGHT	COURIER
	
Re:
Loan	and	Security	Agreement	(Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate)	dated	as	of	December	27,	2018	(as	amended,
supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	and	in	effect	from	time	to	time,	the	“
Agreement
”),	among	LML	2018
Warehouse	SPV,	LLC,	as	Borrower	(the	“
Borrower
”),	Tesla	Finance	LLC	(“
TFL
”),	the	Lenders	and	Group
Agents	party	thereto	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent	(“
Administrative
Agent
”)
Ladies	and	Gentlemen:
This	is	a	Loan	Request	delivered	pursuant	to	the	Agreement.		Capitalized	terms	used	in	this	Loan	Request	but	not
otherwise	defined	herein	shall	have	the	respective	meanings	assigned	to	such	terms	in	the	Agreement.
The	Borrower	hereby	requests	that	the	Lenders	make	Loans	on	[__________]	in	the	aggregate		principal	amount	of
$[_________]	[
if	the	Loan	Increase	Date	is	a	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date,	insert
:	and	that	a	proposed	allocation	be
made	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	of	Leases	and	related	Leased	Vehicles	with	an	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	$[__________]
as	of	the	applicable	Cut-Off	Date].
The	Borrower	hereby	requests	that	the	proceeds	of	the	loan	be	wire	transferred	to	the	following	account
[________________].
Attached	hereto	are	(i)	a	completed	worksheet	which	calculates	the	amount	of	the	Loans,	its	impact	on	the	Loan
Balance,	the	Available	Facility	Limit	(on	a	pro	forma	basis	as	of	the	date	hereof,	after	giving	effect	to	such	Loans)	and	the
relationship	of	the	increased	Loan	Balance	to	the	Maximum	Loan	Balance,	after	giving	effect	to	the	allocation	of	the	Lease
Pool,	if	any,	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	on	the	Loan	Increase	Date	(Attachment	A),	(ii)	[
if	the	Loan	Increase	Date	is	a
Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date,	insert
:		an	Allocation	Notice	with	respect	to	the	proposed	allocation	to	the
Warehouse	SUBI	of	Leases	and	related	Leased	Vehicles	on	the	Loan	Increase	Date]	and	[(iii)]	in	the	copy	of	this	Notice
delivered	to	the	Lender,	a	Pool	Cut	Report	as	to	all	Leases	included	in	the	Warehouse	SUBI	(including,	without	limitation,
the	Lease	Pool	(if	any)	proposed	to	be	allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	on	the	Loan	Increase	Date)	(Attachment	B).
A-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
T
he	Borrower	hereby	certifies	that	each	of	the	conditions	precedent	to	the	Loan	Increase	herein	contemplated	set
forth	in	Sections	2.01(b)	and	5.02	of	the	Agreement	shall	be	satisfied	as	of	the	Loan	Increase	Date.
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	Borrower	has	caused	this	Loan	Request	to	be	executed	and	delivered	by	its	duly
authorized	officer	as	of	the	date	first	above	written.
Very	truly	yours,
LML	2018	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC
	
By:
	
	
Name:
	
Title:
	
	
	
A-2
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Exhibit	B
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
	
Form	of	Control	Agreement
This	Control	Agreement	(as	amended,	supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	and	in	effect	from	time	to	time,
the	“
Agreement
”),	dated	as	of	[_________],	is	among	LML	2018	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC	(the	“
Borrower
”),	Tesla	Finance	LLC
(the	“
Servicer
”),	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	administrative	agent	(the	“
Secured	Party
”),	and	[___________],	as
securities	intermediary	(the	“
Securities	Intermediary
”).		Except	as	otherwise	defined	herein,	capitalized	terms	used	herein
shall	have	the	respective	meanings	assigned	to	such	terms	in	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	(defined	below)	and	the
interpretive	rules	thereof	shall	apply	to	this	Agreement.
RECITALS
WHEREAS,	pursuant	to	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	the	Borrower	has	granted	to	the	Secured	Party
a	security	interest	in	investment	property	consisting	of	the	Securities	Accounts,	related	Security	Entitlements	and	the
Financial	Assets	and	other	investment	property	from	time	to	time	included	therein;	and
WHEREAS,	the	parties	hereto	desire	that	the	security	interests	of	the	Secured	Party	in	the	Securities
Accounts	be	a	first	priority	security	interest	perfected	by	“control”	pursuant	to	Articles	8	and	9	of	the	UCC.
NOW,	THEREFORE,	in	consideration	of	the	premises	and	other	good	and	valuable	consideration,	the
receipt	and	sufficiency	of	which	are	hereby	acknowledged,	the	parties	hereto	agree	as	follows:
ARTICLE	I
DEFINITIONS
Section	1.01.
General	Definitions
.		Except	as	otherwise	specified	herein	or	as	the	context	may	otherwise
require,	the	following	terms	have	the	respective	meanings	set	forth	below	for	all	purposes	of	this	Agreement.
“
Agreement
”	has	the	meaning	set	forth	in	the	Preamble.
“
Bankruptcy	Code
”	means	the	United	States	Bankruptcy	Code,	Title	11	United	States	Code.
“
Borrower
”	has	the	meaning	set	forth	in	the	Preamble.
“
Entitlement	Holder
”	means,	with	respect	to	any	Financial	Asset,	a	Person	identified	in	the	records	of	the
Securities	Intermediary	as	the	Person	having	a	Security	Entitlement	against	the	Securities	Intermediary	with	respect	to
such	Financial	Asset.
“
Entitlement	Order
”	means	a	notification	directing	the	Securities	Intermediary	to	transfer	or	redeem	a
Financial	Asset.
“
Financial	Asset
”	has	the	meaning	specified	in	Section	8-102(a)(9)	of	the	UCC.
B-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
“
Loan	and	Security	Agreement
”	means	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	(Warehouse	SUBI	Cert
ificate)
dated	as	of	
December	27
,	2018
	(as	amended,	supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	and	in	effect	from	time	to	time),	among
the	Borrower,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	the	Lenders	and	the	Group	Agents	parties	thereto	from	time	to	time,	and	the
Administrative	Agent	described	therein.
“
Person
”	means	any	legal	person,	including	any	individual,	corporation,	partnership,	joint	venture,
association,	limited	liability	company,	joint	stock	company,	trust,	business	trust,	bank,	trust	company,	estate	(including	any
beneficiaries	thereof),	unincorporated	organization	or	government	or	any	agency	or	political	subdivision	thereof.
“
Secured	Party
”	has	the	meaning	set	forth	in	the	Preamble.
“
Securities	Accounts
”	means	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account	and	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Reserve
Account,	individually	or	collectively,	as	the	context	requires	or	permits.
“
Securities	Intermediary
”	has	the	meaning	set	forth	in	the	Preamble.
“
Security	Entitlement
”	means	the	rights	and	property	interest	of	an	Entitlement	Holder	with	respect	to	a
Financial	Asset,	as	specified	in	Part	5	of	Article	8	of	the	UCC.
“
Servicer
”	has	the	meaning	set	forth	in	the	Preamble.
“
UCC
”	means	the	Uniform	Commercial	Code	as	in	effect	from	time	to	time	in	the	State	of	New	York.
“
Warehouse	SUBI	Collection	Account
”	means	account	number	[***]	in	the	name	“Warehouse	SUBI
Collection	Account	of	LML	2018	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC	for	the	benefit	of	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as
Administrative	Agent”	established	with	the	Securities	Intermediary	pursuant	to	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	together
with	any	successor	accounts	established	pursuant	to	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement.
“
Warehouse	SUBI	Reserve	Account
”	means	account	number	[***]	in	the	name	“Reserve	Account	of	LML
2018	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC	for	the	benefit	of	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent”	established
with	the	Securities	Intermediary	pursuant	to	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	together	with	any	successor	accounts
established	pursuant	to	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement.
Section	1.02.
Incorporation	of	UCC	by	Reference
.		Except	as	otherwise	specified	herein	or	as	the	context	may
otherwise	require,	all	terms	used	in	this	Agreement	not	otherwise	defined	herein	which	are	defined	in	Article	1,	8	or	9	of
the	UCC	shall	have	the	respective	meanings	assigned	to	such	terms	in	such	Article	the	UCC.
ARTICLE	II
ESTABLISHMENT	OF	CONTROL	OVER	SECURITIES	ACCOUNT
Section	2.01.
Establishment	of	Securities	Account
.		The	Securities	Intermediary	hereby	confirms	that	(i)	the
Securities	Intermediary	has	established	the	Securities	Accounts	specifically	referenced	in	the	definition	thereof,	(ii)	each	of
the	Securities	Accounts	is	an	account	to	which	Financial	Assets	are	or	may	be	credited,	(iii)	the	Securities	Intermediary
shall,	subject	to	the	terms	of	this	Agreement,	treat	the	Secured	Party	as	entitled	to	exercise	the	rights	that	comprise	any
Financial	Asset	credited	to	any	Securities	Account,	(iv)	all	property	delivered	to	the	Securities	Intermediary	by	or	on	behalf
of	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer	or	the	Secured	Party	for	deposit	to	any	Securities	Account	will	promptly	be	credited	to	such
Securities	Account	and	(v)	all	securities	or	other	property
B-2
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
underlying	any	Financial	Assets	credited	to	any	Securities	Account	shall	be	registered	in	the	name	of	the	Securities
Intermediary,	endorsed	to	the	Securities	Intermediary	or	in	blank	or	credited	to	another	securities	account	maintained	in
the	name	of	the	Securities	Intermediary	and	in	no	case	will	any	Financial	Asset	credited	to	any	Securities	Account	be
registered	in	the	name	of	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer,	payable	to	the	order	of	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer	or	specially
endorsed	to	the	Borrower	or	the	Servicer,	except	to	the	extent	the	foregoing	have	been	specially	endorsed	to	the	Securities
Intermediary	or	in	blank.
Section	2.02.
“Financial	Assets”	Election
.		The	Securities	Intermediary	hereby	agrees	that	each	item	of
property	(whether	investment	property,	financial	asset,	security,	instrument	or	cash)	credited	to	a	Securities	Account	shall
be	treated	as	a	“financial	asset”	within	the	meaning	of	Section	8-102(a)(9)	of	the	UCC.
Section	2.03.
Entitlement	Orders
.		If	at	any	time	the	Securities	Intermediary	shall	receive	an	Entitlement
Order	from	the	Secured	Party	with	respect	to	any	Securities	Account	(or	the	Financial	Assets	credited	thereto),	the
Securities	Intermediary	shall	comply	with	such	Entitlement	Order	without	further	consent	by	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer	or
any	other	Person.		Without	limiting	the	generality	of	the	foregoing,	if	the	Secured	Party	notifies	the	Securities	Intermediary
in	writing	that	the	Secured	Party	shall	exercise	exclusive	control	over	any	Securities	Account	(and	any	Financial	Assets
credited	thereto)	(such	notice,	which	shall	be	substantially	in	the	form	of	Attachment	A	attached	hereto,	“
Notice	of
Exclusive	Control
”),	the	Securities	Intermediary	shall	cease	(i)	complying	with	Entitlement	Orders	or	other	directions
relating	to	such	Securities	Account	(or	the	Financial	Assets	credited	thereto)	originated	by	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer	or
any	other	Person	other	than	the	Secured	Party	and	(ii)	distributing	to	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer	or	any	Person	other	than
the	Secured	Party	interest,	dividends	or	other	amounts	received	by	the	Securities	Intermediary	in	respect	of	any	Financial
Asset	or	other	property	credited	to	such	Securities	Account	(and,	instead,	shall	(at	the	direction	of	the	Secured	Party	from
time	to	time)	retain	such	interest,	dividends	and	other	amounts	in	such	Securities	Account	or	distribute	same	to,	or	at	the
direction	of,	the	Secured	Party).		The	Securities	Intermediary	shall	provide	to	the	Borrower	copies	of	Entitlement	Orders
received	from	the	Secured	Party.		
Except	as	otherwise	provided	in	this	Section	2.03,	the	Servicer	may	give	Entitlement	Orders	to	the	Securities
Intermediary	relating	to	the	redemption	or	transfer	of	Financial	Assets	in	the	Securities	Accounts.		Such	Entitlement
Orders	shall	be	in	accordance	with	the	information	contained	in	the	related	Settlement	Statement.
Section	2.04.
Waiver	of	Lien;	Waiver	of	Set-Off
.		In	the	event	that	the	Securities	Intermediary	has	or
subsequently	obtains	by	agreement,	operation	of	law	or	otherwise	a	security	interest	in	any	Securities	Account	or	any
Security	Entitlement	or	Financial	Asset	credited	thereto,	the	Securities	Intermediary	hereby	waives	such	security	interest
(except	as	provided	in	the	next	sentence).		The	Financial	Assets	and	other	items	deposited	to	any	Securities	Account	will
not	be	subject	to	deduction,	set-off,	banker’s	lien	or	any	other	right	in	favor	of	any	Person	or	entity	other	than	the	Secured
Party	(except	that	the	Securities	Intermediary	may	set	off	against	amounts	on	deposit	in	the	Securities	Accounts	(i)	all
amounts	due	to	it	in	respect	of	its	customary	fees	and	expenses	for	the	routine	maintenance	and	operation	of	the	Securities
Accounts,	and	(ii)	the	face	amount	of	any	checks	that	have	been	credited	to	any	such	Securities	Account,	but	are
subsequently	returned	unpaid	because	of	uncollected	or	insufficient	funds).
Section	2.05.
Notice	of	Adverse	Claims
.		Except	for	the	claims	and	interests	of	the	Secured	Party	and	the
Borrower	in	the	Securities	Accounts,	the	Securities	Intermediary	does	not	know	of	any	claim	to,	or	interest	in,	any
Securities	Account	or	in	any	Financial	Asset	credited	thereto.		If	any	Person	asserts	any	lien,	encumbrance	or	adverse	claim
(including	any	writ,	garnishment,	judgment,	warrant	of	attachment,	execution	or	similar	process)	against	any	Securities
Account	or	in	any	Financial	Asset	carried	therein,	the	Securities	Intermediary	will	promptly	notify	the	Secured	Party	and
the	Borrower	thereof.
B-3
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
ARTICLE	III
REPRESENTATIONS,	WARRANTIES	AND
COVENANTS	OF	THE	SECURITIES	INTERMEDIARY
Section	3.01.
Representations,	Warranties	and	Covenants	of	the	Securities	Intermediary
.		The	Securities
Intermediary	hereby	represents	and	warrants	to	the	Secured	Party,	the	Borrower	and	the	Servicer,	and	covenants	that:
	
(a)
The	Securities	Intermediary	is	a	banking	corporation	duly	organized,	validly	existing	and	in	good
standing	under	the	laws	of	[_________]	and	each	other	state	where	the	nature	of	its	business
requires	it	to	qualify,	except	to	the	extent	that	the	failure	to	so	qualify	would	not	have	a	material
adverse	effect	on	the	ability	of	the	Securities	Intermediary	to	perform	its	obligations	under	this
Agreement.
	
(b)
Each	Securities	Account	has	been	established	as	set	forth	in	Section	2.01	and	will	be	maintained	in
the	manner	set	forth	herein	until	termination	of	this	Agreement.		The	Securities	Intermediary	shall
not	change	the	name	or	account	number	of	any	Securities	Account	without	the	prior	written
consent	of	the	Secured	Party.
	
(c)
No	Financial	Asset	carried	in	any	Securities	Account	is	or	will	be	registered	in	the	name	of	the
Borrower,	payable	to	the	order	of	the	Borrower,	or	specially	endorsed	to	the	Borrower,	except	to
the	extent	such	Financial	Asset	has	been	endorsed	to	the	Securities	Intermediary	or	in	blank.
	
(d)
This	Agreement	is	the	valid	and	legally	binding	obligation	of	the	Securities	Intermediary.
	
(e)
The	Securities	Intermediary	has	not	entered	into,	and	until	the	termination	of	this	Agreement	will
not,	without	the	prior	written	consent	of	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer	and	the	Secured	Party,	enter
into,	any	agreement	pursuant	to	which	it	agrees	to	comply	with	Entitlement	Orders	of	any	Person
other	than	the	Secured	Party	with	respect	to	each	Securities	Account.
	
(f)
The	Securities	Intermediary	has	not	entered	into,	and	until	the	termination	of	this	Agreement	will
not,	without	the	prior	written	consent	of	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer	and	the	Secured	Party,	enter
into,	any	other	agreement	with	the	Borrower	the	Servicer,	the	Secured	Party	or	any	other	Person
purporting	to	limit	or	condition	the	obligation	of	the	Securities	Intermediary	to	comply	with
Entitlement	Orders	as	set	forth	in	Section	2.03.
	
(g)
If	requested	by	the	Secured	Party,	the	Securities	Intermediary	will	deliver	to	the	Secured	Party
copies	of	all	statements	and	confirmations	relating	to	the	Securities	Accounts	(and	the	Financial
Assets	credited	thereto),	such	delivery	to	be	made	at	the	same	time	as	delivery	to	the	Borrower	or
the	Servicer.
ARTICLE	IV
MISCELLANEOUS
B-4
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Section	4.01.
Choice	of	Law
.		This	Agreement	and	the	Securities	Accounts	shall	be	governed	by	the	laws	of
the	State	of	New	York	(without	regard	to	its	conflicts	of	law	principles).		Regardless	of	any	provision	in	any	other
agreement,	for	purposes	of	the	UCC,	New	York	shall	be	deemed	to	be	the	Securities	Intermediary’s	location	and	the
Securities	Accounts	(as	well	as	the	Security	Entitlements	related	thereto)	shall	be	governed	by	the	laws	of	the	State	of	New
York.
Section	4.02.
Conflict	with	other	Agreements
.		As	of	the	date	hereof,	there	are	no	other	agreements	entered
into	between	the	Securities	Intermediary	in	such	capacity	and	the	Borrower	with	respect	to	any	Securities	Account.		In	the
event	of	any	conflict	between	this	Agreement	(or	any	portion	thereof)	and	any	other	agreement	now	existing	or	hereafter
entered	into,	the	terms	of	this	Agreement	shall	prevail.
Section	4.03.
Amendments
.		No	amendment	or	modification	of	this	Agreement	or	waiver	of	any	right
hereunder	shall	be	binding	on	any	party	hereto	unless	it	is	in	writing	and	is	signed	by	all	of	the	parties	hereto.
Section	4.04.
Successors
.		The	terms	of	this	Agreement	shall	be	binding	upon,	and	shall	inure	to	the	benefit
of,	the	parties	hereto	and	their	respective	successors.
Section	4.05.
Notices
.		All	demands,	notices	and	communications	hereunder	shall	be	in	writing	and	shall	be
deemed	to	have	been	duly	given	if	personally	delivered	at	or	mailed	by	registered	mail,	return	receipt	requested,	to,	in	the
case	of	(i)	the	Borrower,	at	c/o	Tesla,	Inc.,	3500	Deer	Creek	Road,	Palo	Alto,	California	94304,	Attention:		General	Counsel,
facsimile	no.	(650)	523-4770,	(ii)	the	Servicer,	at	c/o	Tesla,	Inc.,	3500	Deer	Creek	Road,	Palo	Alto,	California	94304,
Attention:		General	Counsel,	facsimile	no.	(650)	523-4770,	(iii)	the	Secured	Party,	[__________],	Attention:	Asset	Finance
Group,	telecopy	no.	[_________],	and	(iv)	the	Securities	Intermediary,	[__________________,	telecopy	no.	(___)__________]	or	as
to	any	of	such	parties,	at	such	other	address	as	shall	be	designated	by	such	party	in	a	written	notice	to	the	other	parties.
Section	4.06.
Termination
.		The	rights	and	powers	granted	herein	to	the	Secured	Party	have	been	granted	in
order	to	perfect	its	security	interest	in	each	Securities	Account,	are	powers	coupled	with	an	interest	and	will	neither	be
affected	by	the	bankruptcy	of	the	Borrower	nor	by	the	lapse	of	time.		The	obligations	of	the	Securities	Intermediary
hereunder	shall	continue	in	effect	with	respect	to	each	Securities	Account	until	the	Secured	Party	has	notified	the
Securities	Intermediary	in	writing	that	its	security	interest	under	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	has	been
terminated.		Upon	the	joint	written	instruction	of	the	Secured	Party	and	the	Borrower,	the	Securities	Intermediary	shall
close	a	Securities	Account	and	disburse	as	directed	the	balance	of	any	assets	therein.
Section	4.07.
Counterparts
.		This	Agreement	may	be	executed	in	any	number	of	counterparts,	all	of	which
shall	constitute	one	and	the	same	instrument,	and	any	party	hereto	may	execute	this	Agreement	by	signing	and	delivering
one	or	more	counterparts.
Section	4.08.
No	Petition
.		Each	party	hereto	agrees,	prior	to	the	date	which	is	one	(1)	year	and	one	(1)	day
after	the	payment	in	full	of	all	indebtedness	for	borrowed	money	of	the	Borrower,	not	to	acquiesce,	petition	or	otherwise,
directly	or	indirectly,	invoke,	or	cause	the	Borrower	to	invoke,	the	process	of	any	Official	Body	for	the	purpose	of	(a)
commencing	or	sustaining	a	case	against	Borrower,	under	any	federal	or	state	bankruptcy,	insolvency	or	similar	law
(including	the	Bankruptcy	Code),	(b)	appointing	a	receiver,	liquidator,	assignee,	trustee,	custodian,	sequestrator	or	other
similar	official	for	the	Borrower,	or	any	substantial	part	of	the	property	of	the	Borrower,	or	(c)	ordering	the	winding	up	or
liquidation	of	the	affairs	of	the	Borrower.
B-5
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	parties	hereto	have	caused	this	Agreement	to	be	duly	executed	by	their
respective	officers	as	of	the	day	and	year	first	above	written.
	
TESLA	FINANCE	LLC,
as	Servicer
	
By:
	
Name:
	
Title:
	
	
	
LML	2018	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC,
as	Borrower
	
	
By:
	
Name:
	
Title:
	
	
	
DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH,	as
Administrative	Agent,	as	Secured	Party,
	
	
By:
	
Name:
	
Title:
	
	
	
[________________________],
as	Securities	Intermediary
	
	
By:
	
Name:
	
Title:
	
	
	
	
B-6
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
ATTACHMENT	A
to
Control	Agreement
FORM	OF	NOTICE	OF	EXCLUSIVE	CONTROL
[
																										
	
				
,	
								
]
[BANK]
[ADDRESS]
Re:
Control	Agreement
Ladies	and	Gentlemen:
We	hereby	notify	you	that,	in	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	dated	as
of	December	27,	2018	(as	amended,	supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	and	in	effect	from	time	to	time,	the	“
Agreement
”),
among	the	Borrower,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	the	Lenders	and	the	Group	Agents	parties	thereto	from	time	to	time	and	the
undersigned,	as	Administrative	Agent	(“
Administrative	Agent
”),	we	intend	to	exercise	in	the	place	and	stead	of	the
Borrower	and	the	Servicer	any	and	all	rights	in	respect	of	or	in	connection	with	the	Control	Agreement	dated	[•],	20[•],
among	the	Administrative	Agent,	the	Borrower,	the	Servicer	and	you	(the	“
Control	Agreement
”)	and	the	[__________]
Account.
Capitalized	terms	used	herein	without	definition	shall	have	the	respective	meanings	assigned	to	such
terms	in	the	Control	Agreement.
	
Very	truly	yours,
DEUTSCHE	BANK	AG,	NEW	YORK	BRANCH,
as	Administrative	Agent
	
	
By:
	
Title:
	
	
	
	
	
B-7
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Exhibit	C
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
Form	of	Compliance	Certificate
Certificate	of	Treasurer
I,	the	undersigned,	Treasurer	of	LML	2018	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC	(the	“
Borrower
”)	do	hereby	CERTIFY,	pursuant	to
Section	6.01(a)(i)	of	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	(Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate)	dated	as	of	December	27,	2018	(as
amended,	supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	and	in	effect	from	time	to	time,	the	“
Loan	and	Security	Agreement
”)	among
the	Borrower,	TFL,	the	Lenders	and	Group	Agents	party	thereto,	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as
Administrative	Agent,	that	on	and	as	of	the	date	hereof,	there	exists	no	Default,	Event	of	Default	or,	to	my	knowledge,
Servicer	Default.
Capitalized	terms	not	otherwise	defined	herein	have	the	respective	meanings	assigned	to	such	terms	in	the	Loan
and	Security	Agreement.
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	undersigned	has	executed	this	Certificate	this	
								
	day	of	
																				
,	20
		
.
	
LML	2018	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC
	
	
By:
	
Name:
	
Title:
		Treasurer
	
	
	
	
C-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Exhibit	D
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
Form	of	Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation
Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation
[DATE]
	
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,
as	Administrative	Agent
60	Wall	Street,	5
th
	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10005
Attention:	Katherine	Bologna
	
VIA	EMAIL,	FACSIMILE	AND	OVERNIGHT	COURIER
	
Re:
Loan	and	Security	Agreement	(Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate)	dated	as	of	December	27,	2018	(as	amended,
supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	and	in	effect	from	time	to	time,	the	“
Agreement
”),	among	Tesla	2014
Warehouse	Borrower	SPV	LLC,	as	Borrower	(the	“
Borrower
”),	Tesla	Finance	LLC	(“
TFL
”),	the	Lenders	and
Group	Agents	party	thereto	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent
(“
Administrative	Agent
”)
Ladies	and	Gentlemen:
This	is	a	Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	delivered	pursuant	to	the	Agreement	and	Section	11.2	of	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Supplement.		Capitalized	terms	used	in	this	Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	but	not	otherwise
defined	herein	shall	have	the	respective	meanings	assigned	to	such	terms	in	the	Agreement.
TFL	hereby	notifies	the	Administrative	Agent	of	a	proposed	allocation	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	of	Leases	and	related
Leased	Vehicles	to	occur	on	[_____]	(the	“
Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date
”)	pursuant	to	the	Agreement	and	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Supplement.		The	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	such	Leases	is	$[__________]	as	of	the	applicable	Cut-
Off	Date.
Attached	hereto	are	(i)	a	Pool	Cut	Report	as	to	the	Leases	proposed	to	be	allocated	to	the	Warehouse	SUBI	on	the
Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date	(Attachment	A)	and	(ii)	a	schedule	of	Leases	proposed	to	be	allocated	to	the
Warehouse	SUBI	on	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	Date	(Attachment	B).
Pursuant	to	Section	2.3	of	the	Warehouse	SUBI	Servicing	Agreement,	TFL,	as	Servicer,	hereby	certifies	to	the
Administrative	Agent,	it	has	received	all	of	the	Lease	Documents	(other	than	(x)	the	original	Certificates	of	Title,	which
shall	be	delivered	to	the	Servicer	promptly	following	receipt	from	the	applicable	Registrar	of	Titles	and	(y)	any	Lease
Documents	(including	each	Lease	that	constitutes	Electronic	Chattel	Paper)	related	to	the	Leases	identified	in	Attachment
B	hereto.
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	Borrower	and	TFL	have	caused	this	Notice	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Lease	Allocation	to	be
executed	and	delivered	by	its	duly	authorized	officer	as	of	the	date	first	above	written.
D-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
Very	truly	yours,
LML	2018	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC
	
By:
	
Name:
	
Title:
	
	
	
TESLA	FINANCE	LLC
	
	
By:
	
Name:
	
Title:
	
	
	
D-2
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Exhibit	E
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
Form	of	Pool	Cut	Report
	
	
	
	
E-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Account
Number
VIN
Customer
State
FICO	Score
Original	Term
Contractual
Total	Monthly
Payment
Amount
Buy	Rate
(APR)
Contractual
Residual
Amount
ALG	Estimate
of	Residual
Current
Maturity	Date
Number	of
Payments
Remaining
Current
Days
Past
Due
Mark-
to-
Market
ALG
Value
1
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
2
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
3
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
4
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
5
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
6
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
7
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
8
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
9
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
10
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
11
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
12
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
13
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
14
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
15
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
16
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
17
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
18
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
19
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
20
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
E-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
MTM
Date
SUBI
Date
Base	RV
Base	RV
Type
Req.
Disc.
Rate
Original
SV
Lease
SV
BRV	SV
Facility
SV
Country
Ineligible?
Original
Term
Ineligible?
Initial	SV
Ineligible?
Excess
Miles
Ineligible?
Scheduled
Payments
Made
Past	due
Ineligible?
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
E-2
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
FICO
Ineligible?
Early
Paid
Repo?
Charged-
off?
Bankruptcy
Extension
Repurchase
Maturity
Ineligible?
Facility
Eligibility
Maturity
Month
Tape
Current	Lease
Receivable
Vehicle	Make	and
Model
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
E-3
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
Exhibit	F
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
	
Form	of	Notice	of	Securitization	Take-Out
[Date]
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch
as	Administrative	Agent
60	Wall	Street,	5
th
	Floor
New	York,	New	York	10005
Attention:	Katherine	Bologna
	
	
Attention:		
	
Re:
Loan	and	Security	Agreement	(Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate)	dated	as	of	December	27,	2018	(as	amended,
supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	and	in	effect	from	time	to	time,	the	“
Agreement
”),	among	LML	2018
Warehouse	SPV,	LLC,	as	Borrower	(the	“
Borrower
”),	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	the	Lenders	and	the	Group	Agents
party	thereto	from	time	to	time,	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent
(“
Administrative	Agent
”)
Ladies	and	Gentlemen:
This	is	a	Notice	of	Securitization	Take-Out	delivered	pursuant	to	the	Agreement.		Capitalized	terms	used	in	this
Notice	of	Securitization	Take-Out	but	not	otherwise	defined	herein	shall	have	the	respective	meanings	assigned	to	such
terms	in	the	Agreement.
The	Borrower	hereby	notifies	the	Administrative	Agent	that	it	intends	to	effect	a	Securitization	Take-Out	on	the
Securitization	Take-Out	Date	of	_______,	20__	[
Insert	date	which	may	be	no	fewer	than	5	Business	Days	after	the	date	of	this
Notice
].
The	Securitization	Take-Out	Price	for	the	Securitization	Take-Out	is	estimated	to	be	$
																											
	.
F-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	Borrower	has	caused	this	Notice	of	Securitization	Take-Out	to	be	executed	and	delivered
by	its	duly	authorized	officer	as	of	the	date	first	above	written.
Very	truly	yours,
LML	2018	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC
	
	
By:
	
Name:
	
Title:
	
	
F-2
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Exhibit	G
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
Form	of	Securitization	Take-Out	Certificate
	
LML	2018	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC
Securitization	Take-Out	Certificate
This	Securitization	Take-Out	Certificate	is	delivered	pursuant	to	Section	2.09(b)(i)	of	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
(Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate),	dated	as	of	December	27,	2018,	among	LML	2018	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC,	as	Borrower,	Tesla
Finance	LLC,	certain	Lenders	party	thereto,	certain	Group	Agents	party	thereto	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,
as	Administrative	Agent	(as	in	effect	from	time	to	time,	the	“
Loan	and	Security	Agreement
”).		Unless	otherwise	defined
herein,	capitalized	terms	used	in	this	Securitization	Take-Out	Certificate	shall	have	the	respective	meanings	assigned	to
such	terms	in	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement.
Today’s	Date:
___________
Securitization	Take-Out	Date:
___________
I.
CALCULATION	OF	LOAN	BALANCE
	
A.
Securitization	Value	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	(prior	to	Securitization	Take-
Out)
$										-
	
B.
Less:		Securitization	Value	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	to	be	reallocated	to	UTI
in	connection	with	Securitization	Take-Out
$
	
C.
Remaining	aggregate	Securitization	Value	of	Warehouse	SUBI	Leases	other	than
Defaulted	Leases,	Terminated	Leases,	Delinquent	Lease	and	Leases	which
exceed	the	Excess	Concentration	Amount	and	after	giving	effect	to	any	other
reductions	thereto	in	accordance	with	the	term	“Maximum	Loan	Balance”
determined	as	if	the	remaining	Leases	are	now	being	allocated	to	the
Warehouse	SUBI
$										-
	
D.
Advance	Rate
%
	
E.
Maximum	Loan	Balance	which	can	be	outstanding	following	Securitization	Take-
Out	(=	(D.	x	C.)
$										-
II.
LOAN	BALANCE	RECONCILIATION
	
A.
Loan	Balance	prior	to	Securitization	Take-Out
$										-
	
B.
Maximum	Loan	Balance	which	can	be	outstanding	following	Securitization	Take-
Out	(I.E)
$										-
	
C.
Portion	of	Loan	Balance	to	be	repaid	on	Securitization	Take-Out	Date	(A.	minus
B.)
$										-
	
D.
Actual	Loan	Balance	following	Securitization	Take-Out	(A.	minus	C.)
$
III.
AVAILABLE	MAXIMUM	LOAN	BALANCE
	
A.
Maximum	Loan	Balance
$[________]
	
B.
Loan	Balance	(following	Securitization	Take-Out)	(II.D)
$										-
	
C.
Available	Maximum	Loan	Balance	(A.	minus	B.)
$
	
G-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
The	Borrower	hereby	represents	and	warrants,	in	connection	with	the	Securitization	Take-Out	to	which	this
Securitization	Take-Out	relates,	that	each	of	the	conditions	and	other	requirements	set	forth	in	Section	2.09(b)	of	the	Loan
and	Security	Agreement	has	been	satisfied.
G-2
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	I	_________,	a	Responsible	Officer	of	the	Borrower,	has	executed	this
Securitization	Take-Out	Certificate	as	of	the	date	set	forth	above.
LML	2018	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC
	
	
By:
	
Name:
	
Title:
	
	
G-3
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Exhibit	H
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
	
[RESERVED]
	
	
	
H-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Exhibit	I
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[Reserved]
	
	
I-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Exhibit	J
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[Reserved]
	
	
J-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Exhibit	K
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
[Reserved]
	
	
	
	
K-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
	
Exhibit	L
[Reserved]
	
	
L-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Exhibit	M
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
	
	
Form	of	Assignment	and	Acceptance	Agreement
	
	
This	Assignment	and	Assumption	Agreement	(this	“
Assignment
”)	dated	as	of	[___________],	20___	is	made	by
[_____________]	[(together	with	the	Group	Agent	(as	defined	below),]	the	“
Assignor
”)	to	[____________]	(the	“
Assignee
”)	[with
the	consent	of	LML	2018	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC,	as	Borrower	under	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	(defined	below)],
pursuant	to	Section	12.10	of	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	(Warehouse	SUBI	Certificate)	dated	as	of	December	27,
2018	(as	amended,	supplemented,	or	otherwise	modified	and	in	effect	from	time	to	time,	the	“
Loan	and	Security
Agreement
”),	among	LML	2018	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC,	as	Borrower,	Tesla	Finance	LLC,	the	Lenders	and	Group	Agents
party	thereto	from	time	to	time,	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch,	as	Administrative	Agent.		Capitalized	terms
used	(but	not	defined)	in	this	Assignment	shall	have	the	respective	meanings	assigned	to	such	terms	in	the	Loan	and
Security	Agreement.
SECTION	1.
Assignment	and	Assumption
.		In	consideration	of	the	payment	of	$___________	by	the	Assignee	to
the	Assignor,	the	receipt	and	sufficiency	of	which	payment	is	hereby	acknowledged,	effective	on	_________,	20__	(the
“
Effective	Date
”),	the	Assignor	hereby	assigns	to	the	Assignee	[(or	to	_________	(the	“
Assignee	Group	Agent
”),	for	the
benefit	of	the	Assignee)]	without	recourse	and	(except	as	provided	below)	without	representation	or	warranty,	and	the
Assignee	hereby	purchases	and	assumes,	an	undivided	___%	interest	in	the	Assignor’s	Loans	(and	the	Assignor’s	rights	and
obligations	under	its	Loans),	together	with	the	Assignor’s	related	interest	in	the	Collateral	and	the	Assignor’s	Commitment
Amount.		The	Assignor	represents	and	warrants	to	the	Assignee	that	(i)	it	is	the	owner	of	the	portion	of	the	Loans	assigned
hereby	and	(ii)	it	has	not	created	any	lien	upon	or	with	respect	to	the	portion	of	the	Loans	assigned	hereby.
SECTION	2.
Effect	of	Assignment
.		(a)			From	and	after	the	Effective	Date,	(i)	the	Assignee	shall	be	a	party	to
and	be	bound	by	all	of	the	terms	of	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	and	shall	have	the	rights	and	obligations	of	a	Lender
thereunder	and	(ii)	the	Assignor	shall,	to	the	extent	of	the	assignment	effected	hereby,	relinquish	its	rights	and	be	released
from	its	obligations	under	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement.		Without	limiting	the	generality	of	this	Section	2(a),	the
Assignee	acknowledges	receipt	of	a	copy	of	
Section	12.11
	of	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	and	agrees	to	be	bound
thereby.
(b)
After	giving	effect	to	the	assignment	effected	by	this	Assignment,	(i)	the	Assignor’s	Commitment	Amount
shall	be	$___________,	and	its	portion	of	the	Loan	Balance	shall	be	$_____________,	and	(ii)	the	Assignee’s	Commitment
Amount	shall	be	$__________,	and	its	portion	of	the	Loan	Balance	shall	be	$___________.
SECTION	3.
Administrative	Agent
.		The	Assignee	[and	the	Assignee’s	Group	Agent]	hereby	accept(s)	the
appointment	of,	and	authorizes,	the	Administrative	Agent	to	take	such	action	on	its	behalf	and	to	exercise	such	powers	as
are	delegated	to	the	Administrative	Agent	by	the	terms	of	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement,	together	with	such	powers	as
are	reasonably	incidental	thereto.
SECTION	4.
Miscellaneous
.
(a)
The	Assignor	shall	deliver	a	copy	of	this	Assignment	to	the	Servicer,	the	Borrower	and	the	Administrative
Agent.
M-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(b)
THIS	ASSIGNMENT	SHALL	BE	GOVERNED	BY	AND	CONSTRUED	IN	ACCORDANCE	WITH	THE	LAWS
OF	THE	STATE	OF	NEW	YORK	(WITHOUT	REGARD	TO	ITS	CONFLICTS	OF	LAW	PRINCIPLES).
(c)
Schedule	I	attached	hereto	sets	forth	information	(as	such	information	may	be	changed	from	time	to	time
in	accordance	with	Section	12.05	of	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement)	relating	to	the	Assignee	[and	its	Group
Agent].		Such	Schedule	I	shall	be	deemed	to	amend	Schedule	I	to	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	without	any	further
action	of	any	party	to	the	Loan	and	Security	Agreement.
(d)
This	Assignment	may	be	executed	in	any	number	of	counterparts	and	by	the	different	parties	hereto	on
separate	counterparts,	each	of	which	shall	be	an	original,	but	all	of	which	shall	constitute	one	and	the	same	instrument.
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	parties	hereto,	by	their	duly	authorized	signatories,	have	executed	and
delivered	this	Assignment	as	of	the	date	first	above	written.
[ASSIGNOR]
	
	
By:
	
Authorized	Signatory
Title:
	
[ASSIGNOR’S	FACILITY	AGENT]
	
	
By:
		
Authorized	Signatory
Title:
	
[ASSIGNEE]
	
	
By:
	
Authorized	Signatory
Title:
[ASSIGNEE’S	FACILITY	AGENT]
	
	
By:
	
Authorized	Signatory
Title:
	
[CONSENTED	TO:
	
	
LML	2018	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC,	as	Borrower
	
	
By:		
]
Authorized	Signatory
Title:
	
M-2
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Schedule	I	to
Assignment	and	Assumption
Agreement
N-1
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Exhibit	N
to	Loan	and	Security	Agreement
	
	
Form	of	Assumption	Agreement
	
THIS	ASSUMPTION	AGREEMENT	(this	“
Agreement
”),	dated	as	of	[_________	___,	____],	is	among	LML	2018
Warehouse	SPV,	LLC	(the	“
Borrower
”),	[_____________],	as	a	Conduit	Lender	(the	“
New	Conduit	Lender[s]
”),	[_____________],
as	a	Related	Committed	Lender	(the	“
New	Committed	Lender[s]
”	and	together	with	the	New	Conduit	Lender[s],	the	“
New
Lenders
”),	[_____________],	as	group	agent	for	the	New	Lenders	(the	“
New	Group	Agent
”	and	together	with	the	New
Lenders,	the	“
New	Group
”)	and	Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New	York	Branch	(“
Deutsche	Bank
”),	as	Administrative	Agent	(in	such
capacity,	the	“
Administrative	Agent
”),	as	a	Lender	and	as	a	Group	Agent.
1
BACKGROUND
The	Borrower	and	various	others	are	parties	to	a	certain	Loan	and	Security	Agreement	(Warehouse	SUBI
Certificate),	dated	as	of	December	27,	2018	(as	amended,	amended	and	restated,	supplemented	or	otherwise	modified	from
time	to	time,	the	“
Loan	Agreement
”).		Capitalized	terms	used	and	not	otherwise	defined	herein	have	the	respective
meaning	assigned	to	such	terms	in	the	Loan	Agreement.
NOW,	THEREFORE,	the	parties	hereto	hereby	agree	as	follows:
SECTION	1.
This	letter	constitutes	an	Assumption	Agreement	pursuant	to	
Section	12.10(j)
	of	the	Loan
Agreement.		The	Borrower	desires	the	New	Lenders	and	the	New	Group	Agent	to	become	a	Group	under	the
Loan	Agreement,	and	upon	the	terms	and	subject	to	the	conditions	set	forth	in	the	Loan	Agreement,	the	New
Lenders	and	the	New	Group	Agent	agree	to	become	a	Group	thereunder,	each	in	the	respective	capacities	set
forth	on	the	signature	pages	hereto.
SECTION	2.
Upon	execution	and	delivery	of	this	Agreement	by	the	Borrower	and	each	member	of	the	New	Group,
satisfaction	of	the	other	conditions	with	respect	to	the	addition	of	a	Group	specified	in	
Section	12.10(j)
	of	the
Loan	Agreement	(including	the	written	consent	of	the	Administrative	Agent)	and	receipt	by	the	Administrative
Agent	of	counterparts	of	this	Agreement	(whether	by	facsimile	or	otherwise)	executed	by	each	of	the	parties
hereto:
(a)
[each	of]	the	New	Conduit	Lender[s]	shall	become	a	party	to,	and	have	all	of	the	rights	and
obligations	of,	a	Conduit	Lender	under	the	Loan	Agreement;
(b)
[each	of]	the	New	Committed	Lender[s]	shall	become	a	party	to,	and	have	the	rights	and
obligations	of,	a	Committed	Lender	under	the	Loan	Agreement	and	the	Commitment	shall	be	as	set	forth
on	its	signature	page	hereto;
(c)
the	New	Group	Agent	shall	become	a	party	to,	and	have	all	the	rights	and	obligations	of,	a
Group	Agent	under	the	Loan	Agreement;
(d)
the	New	Committed	Lender	shall	make	a	Loan	to	the	Borrower	by	transferring	to	the
Administrative	Agent	an	amount	equal	to	the	product	of	(x)	the	Loan	Balance	with	respect	to	all
outstanding	Loans	made	by	each	existing	Committed	Lender	prior	to	giving	effect	to	the	Loan	to	be	made
by	the	New
	
1
	
Note:	Each	existing	Committed	Lender	and	Group	Agent	should	be	included	as	parties	to	the	Assumption	Agreement.
N-2
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Committed	Lender	described	in	this	clause	(d)	(such	amount,	the	“
Existing	Loan	Balance
”)
multiplied	by
	(y)	a	fraction	the	numerator	of	which	is	the	Commitment	Amount	of	the	New	Committed
Lender	and	the	denominator	of	which	is	the	aggregate	Commitments	of	all	Committed	Lenders	(including
the	New	Committed	Lender)	(such	amount,	the	“
Committed	Balancing	Amount
”);
(e)
the	Administrative	Agent	shall	distribute	to	existing	Committed	Lenders	(as	principal
repayment	of	their	Loans)	the	applicable	portion	of	the	Commitment	Balancing	Amount,	if	any,	such	that	(i)
the	Loan	to	be	made	by	the	New	Committed	Lender	described	in	Section	2(d)	will	not	increase	the	Existing
Loan	Balance	and	(ii)	the	New	Committed	Lender’s	Loan	to	the	Borrower	will	be	proportionate	to	the
Loans	of	each	other	Committed	Lender	based	on	their	relative	Commitment;
(f)
the	Administrative	Agent	shall	record	in	the	Register	(i)	the	relevant	information	with
respect	to	the	New	Group,	(ii)	the	Loan	made	by	the	New	Committed	Lender	described	in	clause	(d)	of	this
Section	2	and	(iii)	the	application	of	the	Commitment	Balancing	Amount	as	described	in	clause	(e)	of	this
Section	2;
(g)
each	existing	Committed	Lender	shall,	to	the	extent	such	rights	have	been	assigned	by	it
under	this	Agreement,	relinquish	its	assigned	rights	and	be	released	from	its	assigned	obligations	under
the	Loan	Agreement,	except	for	those	rights	that	expressly	survive	the	termination	of	the	Loan	Agreement
by	its	terms;
(h)
the	Administrative	Agent	shall	make,	or	cause	to	be	made,	all	payments	under	the	Loan
Agreement	in	respect	of	the	interest	assigned	hereby	(including,	without	limitation,	all	payments	of
principal,	interest	and	fees	with	respect	thereto)	to	the	New	Group;	and
(i)
each	existing	Committed	Lender	and	the	New	Group	shall	make	all	appropriate	adjustments
in	payments	under	the	Loan	Agreement	for	periods	prior	to	the	date	hereof	directly	among	themselves.
SECTION	3.
The	parties	hereto	agree	that	immediately	after	giving	effect	to	(a)	this	Agreement,	(b)	the	Loan	made
by	the	New	Committed	Lender	described	in	Section	2(d)	and	(c)	the	application	of	the	Commitment	Balancing
Amount	as	described	in	Section	2(e),	the	Commitment,	Loan	and	Percentage	of	each	Lender	are	as	set	forth	in
Schedule	I
	attached	hereto.
SECTION	4.
The	Administrative	Agent	and	each	Group	Agent	as	of	the	date	hereof	hereby	consent	to	the	addition	of
the	New	Conduit	Lender[s]	and	the	New	Committed	Lender[s]	as	Lenders	under	the	Loan	Agreement.
SECTION	5.
Each	party	hereto	hereby	covenants	and	agrees	that	it	will	not	institute	against,	or	join	any	other
Person	in	instituting	against,	the	Borrower	or	any	Conduit	Lender,	any	bankruptcy,	reorganization,
arrangement,	insolvency	or	liquidation	proceeding,	or	other	proceeding	under	any	federal	or	state	bankruptcy
or	similar	law,	for	one	year	and	one	day	after	the	latest	maturing	commercial	paper	notes	issued	by	the
Borrower	is	paid	in	full.	The	covenant	contained	in	this	paragraph	shall	survive	any	termination	of	the	Loan
Agreement.
SECTION	6.		Deutsche	Bank	and	the	New	Group	confirm	and	agree	with	each	other	and	the	other	parties	to	the
Loan	Agreement	that:		(i)	other	than	as	provided	herein,	Deutsche	Bank	makes	no	representation	or	warranty	and	assumes
no	responsibility	with	respect	to	any	statements,	warranties	or	representations	made	in	or	in	connection	with	the	Loan
Agreement	or	the	execution,	legality,	validity,	enforceability,	genuineness,	sufficiency	or	value	of	the	Loan	Agreement	or
any	other	instrument	or	document	furnished	pursuant	thereto;	(ii)	the	New	Group	confirms	that	it	has	received	a	copy	of
the	Loan	Agreement,	together	with	copies	of	such	financial
N-3
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
statements	and	other	documents	and	information	as	it	has	deemed	appropriate	to	make	its	own	credit	analysis	and	decision
to	enter	into	this	Agreement;	(iii)	the	New	Group	will,	independently	and	without	reliance	upon	Deutsche	Bank	or	any	other
Lender	party	to	the	Loan	Agreement	and	based	on	such	documents	and	information	as	it	shall	deem	appropriate	at	the
time,	continue	to	make	its	own	credit	decisions	in	taking	or	not	taking	action	under	the	Loan	Agreement;	(iv)		the	New
Lenders	appoints	and	authorizes	the	New	Group	Agent	to	take	such	action	as	agent	on	its	behalf	and	to	exercise	such
powers	under	this	Agreement	as	are	delegated	to	such	agent	by	the	terms	hereof,	together	with	such	powers	as	are
reasonably	incidental	thereto;	(v)	the	New	Lenders	agree	that	it	will	perform	in	accordance	with	their	terms	all	of	the
obligations	which	by	the	terms	of	the	Loan	Agreement	are	required	to	be	performed	by	it	as	a	Lender	and	(vi)	the	New
Group	Agent	agrees	that	it	will	perform	in	accordance	with	their	terms	all	of	the	obligations	which	by	the	terms	of	the	Loan
Agreement	are	required	to	be	performed	by	it	as	a	Group	Agent.
SECTION	7.		The	Short-Term	Note	Rate	applicable	to	the	New	Conduit	Lender[s]	for	any	Interest	Period	(or	portion
thereof),	shall	be	determined	as	follows:	[________________].
SECTION	8.
THIS	AGREEMENT	SHALL	BE	GOVERNED	BY	THE	INTERNAL	LAWS	OF	THE	STATE	OF	NEW
YORK.		This	Agreement	may	be	executed	in	counterparts,	and	by	the	different	parties	on	different
counterparts,	each	of	which	shall	constitute	an	original,	but	all	together	shall	constitute	one	and	the	same
agreement.
N-4
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
(Signature	Page	Follows)
IN	WITNESS	WHEREOF,	the	parties	hereto	have	executed	this	Agreement	by	their	duly	authorized	officers	as	of	the	date
first	above	written.
	
[
															
],	as	a	Conduit	Lender
	
By:
	
Name	Printed:
	
Title:
	
[Address]
	
	
	
[
															
],	as	a	Committed	Lender
for	the	New	Group
	
	
By:
	
Name	Printed:
	
Title:
	
[Address]
	
[Commitment]
	
[Scheduled	Termination	Date]
	
	
[
														
],	as	Group	Agent
for	the	New	Group
	
By:
	
Name	Printed:
	
Title:
	
[Address]
	
	
LML	2018	WAREHOUSE	SPV,	LLC,	as	Borrower
	
	
By:
	
Name	Printed:
	
Title:
	
	
	
	
N-5
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.Confidential	Treatment	Requested	by	Tesla,	Inc.
Schedule	I
Lender
Lender	Type
Commitment
Loan
Percentage
Deutsche	Bank	AG,	New
York	Branch
Committed	Lender
$[_________]
$[_________]
[__]%
$[_________]
$[_________]
$[_________]
$[_________]
[__]%
	
N-5
[***]	Information	has	been	omitted	and	filed	separately	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission.	Confidential	Treatment	has	been
requested	with	respect	to	the	omitted	portions.
Exhibit	21.1
SUBSIDIARIES	OF	TESLA,	INC.
	
Name	of	Subsidiary
	
Jurisdiction	of
Incorporation	or	Organization
Allegheny	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Allegheny	Solar	Manager	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Holdings	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Holdings	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	Corporation
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	II	Lessee	Manager,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	II	Lessee,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	II	Lessor,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	III	Lessee	Manager,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	III	Lessee,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	III	Lessor,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ancon	Solar	Managing	Member	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Arpad	Solar	Borrower,	LLC
	
Delaware
Arpad	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Arpad	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
AU	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
AU	Solar	2,	LLC
	
Delaware
Banyan	SolarCity	Manager	2010,	LLC
	
Delaware
Banyan	SolarCity	Owner	2010,	LLC
	
Delaware
Basking	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Basking	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Basking	Solar	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Beatrix	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Bernese	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Blue	Skies	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Blue	Skies	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Building	Solutions	Acquisition	Corporation
	
Delaware
Caballero	Solar	Managing	Member	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Caballero	Solar	Managing	Member	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Caballero	Solar	Managing	Member	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Cardinal	Blue	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Castello	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Castello	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Castello	Solar	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chaparral	SREC	Borrower,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chaparral	SREC	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chompie	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chompie	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chompie	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Chompie	Solar	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
City	UB	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Clydesdale	SC	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Common	Assets	Capital,	LLC
	
Delaware
Common	Assets	Financial,	LLC
	
Delaware
Common	Assets	Securities,	LLC
	
Delaware
Common	Assets	Technologies,	LLC
	
Delaware
Common	Assets,	LLC
	
Delaware
Dahlia	Holdings	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Dahlia	Holdings	II,	LLC
	
DelawareDom	Solar	General	Partner	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Dom	Solar	Limited	Partner	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Eiger	Lease	Co,	LLC
	
Delaware
Energy	Freedom	Coalition	of	America,	LLC
	
Delaware
Falconer	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Firehorn	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
FocalPoint	Solar	Borrower,	LLC
	
Delaware
FocalPoint	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
FocalPoint	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Fontane	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Fotovoltaica	GI	4,	S.	de	R.L.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
Fotovoltaica	GI	5,	S.	de	R.L.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
FTE	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Grohmann	Engineering	Trading	(Shanghai)	Co.	Ltd.
	
China
Grohmann	USA,	Inc.
	
Delaware
Hammerhead	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Hangzhou	Silevo	Electric	Power	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Harpoon	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Harpoon	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Haymarket	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Haymarket	Manager	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Haymarket	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Ikehu	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
IL	Buono	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Iliosson,	S.A.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
Knight	Solar	Managing	Member	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Knight	Solar	Managing	Member	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Knight	Solar	Managing	Member	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Landlord	2008-A,	LLC
	
Delaware
LML	Partnership,	LLC
	
Delaware
LML	2018	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC
	
Delaware
LML	Warehouse	SPV,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Manager	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Master	Tenant	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	MT	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Owner	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Louis	Solar	Owner	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mako	GB	SPV	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mako	GB	SPV,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mako	Solar	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mako	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Master	Tenant	2008-A,	LLC
	
Delaware
Matterhorn	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Megalodon	Solar,	LLC
	
Delaware
Monte	Rosa	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	V,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	VI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	X,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	XI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Manager	XII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Master	Tenant	IX,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Master	Tenant	V,	LLC
	
California
Mound	Solar	Master	Tenant	VI,	LLC
	
DelawareMound	Solar	Master	Tenant	VII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Master	Tenant	VIII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	MT	Manager	IX,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	MT	Manager	VII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	MT	Manager	VIII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	IX,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	Manager	IX,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	Manager	VII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	Manager	VIII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	V,	LLC
	
California
Mound	Solar	Owner	VI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	VII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Owner	VIII,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Partnership	X,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Partnership	XI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Mound	Solar	Partnership	XII,	LLC
	
Delaware
MS	SolarCity	2008,	LLC
	
Delaware
MS	SolarCity	Commercial	2008,	LLC
	
Delaware
MS	SolarCity	Residential	2008,	LLC
	
Delaware
MT	Solar	Corporation
	
Delaware
NBA	SolarCity	AFB,	LLC
	
California
NBA	SolarCity	Commercial	I,	LLC
	
California
NBA	SolarCity	Solar	Phoenix,	LLC
	
California
Northern	Nevada	Research	Co.,	LLC
	
Nevada
Oranje	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Oranje	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Paramount	Energy	Fund	I	Lessee,	LLC
	
Delaware
Paramount	Energy	Fund	I	Lessor,	LLC
	
Delaware
PEF	I	MM,	LLC
	
Delaware
Perbix	Machine	Company,	Inc.
	
Minnesota
Poppy	Acquisition	LLC
	
Delaware
Presidio	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Presidio	Solar	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Presidio	Solar	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Pukana	La	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Roadster	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Beijing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Roadster	Finland	Oy
	
Finland
Sequoia	Pacific	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sequoia	Pacific	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sequoia	Pacific	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sequoia	SolarCity	Owner	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Servicios	de	Technología	Y	Admninstración	Ilioss,	S.A.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
Sierra	Solar	Power	(Hong	Kong)	Limited
	
Hong	Kong
Silevo,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Aquarium	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Energy	of	America	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Energy	of	America	Manager	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Explorer,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	House	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	House	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	House	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	House	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Fund	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Fund	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Fund	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Fund	IV-A,	LLC
	
DelawareSolar	Integrated	Fund	V,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Fund	VI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	I,	LiLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	IV-A,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	V,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Integrated	Manager	VI,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Services	Company,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Ulysses	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Ulysses	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Voyager,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Warehouse	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Warehouse	Manager	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Warehouse	Manager	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
Solar	Warehouse	Manager	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Alpine	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Amphitheatre	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Arbor	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Arches	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	AU	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Cruyff	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Electrical	New	York	Corporation
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Electrical,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Engineering,	Inc.
	
California
SolarCity	Finance	Company,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Finance	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Foxborough	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	FTE	Series	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	FTE	Series	2,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Fund	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Grand	Canyon	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Holdings	2008,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	International,	Inc.
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Leviathan	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	LMC	Series	V,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Mid-Atlantic	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Nitro	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Orange	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Series	Holdings	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Series	Holdings	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Series	Holdings	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Steep	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Ulu	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarCity	Village	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarRock,	LLC
	
Delaware
SolarStrong,	LLC
	
Delaware
Sparrowhawk	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
SREC	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
TALT	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
TBM	Partnership	II,	LLC
	
Delaware
TES	2017-1,	LLC
	
DelawareTES	2017-2,	LLC
	
Delaware
TES	2018-K2,	LLC
	
Delaware
TES	Holdings	2017-1,	LLC
	
Delaware
TES	Holdings	2018-K2,	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	(Beijing)	New	Energy	R&D	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	2014	Warehouse	SPV	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Auto	Lease	Trust	2018-A
	
Delaware
Tesla	Auto	Lease	Trust	2018-B
	
Delaware
Tesla	Motors	(Beijing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Beijing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Changsha)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Chengdu)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Chongqing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Guangzhou)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Hangzhou)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Nanjing)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Ningbo)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Qingdao)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Shanghai)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Shenzhen)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Shenyang)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Suzhou)	Co.	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Tianjin)	Co.	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Wenzhou)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Wuhan)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Xi'an)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Xiamen)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobile	Sales	and	Service	(Zhengzhou)	Co.	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Automobiles	Sales	and	Service	Mexico,	S.	de	R.L.	de	C.V.
	
Mexico
Tesla	Belgium	BVBA
	
Belgium
Tesla	Canada	GP	Inc.
	
Canada
Tesla	Canada	LP
	
Canada
Tesla	Czech	Republic	s.r.o.
	
Czech	Republic
Tesla	Energia	Macau	Limitada
	
Macau
Tesla	Energy	Electrical	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Energy	Operations,	Inc.
	
Delaware
Tesla	Energy	Sales	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Finance	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Financial	Leasing	(China)	Co.,	Ltd.
	
China
Tesla	Financial	Services	GmbH
	
Germany
Tesla	Financial	Services	Holdings	B.V.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Financial	Services	Limited
	
United	Kingdom
Tesla	France	S.à	r.l.
	
France
Tesla	Germany	GmbH
	
Germany
Tesla	Greece	Single	Member	P.C.
	
Greece
Tesla	Grohmann	Automation	GmbH
	
Germany
Tesla	Insurance	Services,	Inc.
	
California
Tesla	International	B.V.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Italy	S.r.l.
	
Italy
Tesla	Jordan	Car	Trading	LLC
	
Jordan
Tesla	Korea	Limited
	
Republic	of	Korea
Tesla	Lease	Trust
	
Delaware
Tesla	Motors	Australia,	Pty	Ltd
	
Australia
Tesla	Motors	Austria	GmbH
	
Austria
Tesla	Motors	Canada	ULC
	
Canada
Tesla	Motors	Coöperatief	U.A.
	
NetherlandsTesla	Motors	Denmark	ApS
	
Denmark
Tesla	Motors	Exports	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Motors	FL,	Inc.
	
Florida
Tesla	Motors	HK	Limited
	
Hong	Kong
Tesla	Motors	Ireland	Limited
	
Ireland
Tesla	Motors	Japan	GK
	
Japan
Tesla	Motors	Limited
	
United	Kingdom
Tesla	Motors	Luxembourg	S.à	r.l.
	
Luxembourg
Tesla	Motors	MA,	Inc.
	
Massachusetts
Tesla	Motors	Netherlands	B.V.
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Motors	New	York	LLC
	
New	York
Tesla	Motors	NL	LLC
	
Delaware
Tesla	Motors	Norway	AS
	
Norway
Tesla	Motors	NV,	Inc.
	
Nevada
Tesla	Motors	PA,	Inc.
	
Pennsylvania
Tesla	Motors	Sales	and	Service	LLC
	
Turkey
Tesla	Motors	Singapore	Holdings	Pte.	Ltd.
	
Singapore
Tesla	Motors	Singapore	Private	Limited
	
Singapore
Tesla	Motors	Stichting
	
Netherlands
Tesla	Motors	Switzerland	GmbH
	
Switzerland
Tesla	Motors	Taiwan	Limited
	
Taiwan
Tesla	Motors	TN,	Inc.
	
Tennessee
Tesla	Motors	TX,	Inc.
	
Texas
Tesla	Motors	UT,	Inc.
	
Utah
Tesla	New	Zealand	ULC
	
New	Zealand
Tesla	Portugal,	Sociedade	Unipessoal	LDA
	
Portugal
Tesla	Poland	sp.	z	o.o.
	
Poland
Tesla	Puerto	Rico	LLC
	
Puerto	Rico
Tesla	Sales,	Inc.
	
Delaware
Tesla	Services	Sdn.	Bhd.
	
Malaysia
Tesla	Shanghai	Co.,	Ltd
	
China
Tesla	Spain,	S.L.	Unipersonal
	
Spain
Tesla,	Inc.
	
Delaware
The	Big	Green	Solar	Holdings,	LLC
	
Delaware
The	Big	Green	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
The	Big	Green	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	2,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	3,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	Manager	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	Manager	2,	LLC
	
Delaware
Three	Rivers	Solar	Manager	3,	LLC
	
Delaware
TM	International	C.V.
	
Netherlands
TM	Sweden	AB
	
Sweden
USB	SolarCity	Manager	2009,	LLC
	
Delaware
USB	SolarCity	Manager	2009-2010,	LLC
	
Delaware
USB	SolarCity	Manager	III,	LLC
	
Delaware
USB	SolarCity	Manager	IV,	LLC
	
Delaware
USB	SolarCity	Master	Tenant	2009,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Master	Tenant	2009-2010,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Master	Tenant	IV,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Owner	2009,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Owner	2009-2010,	LLC
	
California
USB	SolarCity	Owner	IV,	LLC
	
California
Visigoth	Solar	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Visigoth	Solar	Holdings,	LLC
	
DelawareVisigoth	Solar	Managing	Member	1,	LLC
	
Delaware
Weisshorn	Solar	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Weisshorn	Solar	Manager	I,	LLC
	
Delaware
Zep	Solar	Hong	Kong	Limited
	
Hong	Kong
Zep	Solar	LLC
	
California
Zep	Solar	Trading	Ltd
	
China
	
	
Exhibit	23.1
CONSENT	OF	INDEPENDENT	REGISTERED	PUBLIC	ACCOUNTING	FIRM
We	hereby	consent	to	the	incorporation	by	reference	in	the	Registration	Statements	on	Form	S	3	(Nos.	333-221378	and	333-211437)	and	S-8	(Nos.	333-
223169,	333-216376,	333-209696,	333-198002,	333-187113,	333-183033,	and	333-167874)	of	Tesla,	Inc.	of	our	report	dated	February	19,	2019	relating
to	the	financial	statements	and	the	effectiveness	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	which	appear	in	this	Form	10	K.
/s/	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP
San	Jose,	California
February	19,	2019
	
	
Exhibit	31.1
CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Elon	Musk,	certify	that:
1.
I	have	reviewed	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	Tesla,	Inc.;
2.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	this	report	does	not	contain	any	untrue	statement	of	a	material	fact	or	omit	to	state	a	material	fact	necessary	to	make
the	statements	made,	in	light	of	the	circumstances	under	which	such	statements	were	made,	not	misleading	with	respect	to	the	period	covered
by	this	report;
3.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	the	financial	statements,	and	other	financial	information	included	in	this	report,	fairly	present	in	all	material	respects
the	financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	the	registrant	as	of,	and	for,	the	periods	presented	in	this	report;
4.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	are	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	(as	defined	in
Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(e)	and	15d-15(e))	and	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	(as	defined	in	Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(f)	and	15d-
15(f))	for	the	registrant	and	have:
	
(a)
Designed	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	or	caused	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	ensure	that	material	information	relating	to	the	registrant,	including	its	consolidated	subsidiaries,	is	made	known	to	us	by
others	within	those	entities,	particularly	during	the	period	in	which	this	report	is	being	prepared;
	
(b)
Designed	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	or	caused	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for
external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles;
	
(c)
Evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	the	registrant’s	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and	presented	in	this	report	our	conclusions	about	the
effectiveness	of	the	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	as	of	the	end	of	the	period	covered	by	this	report	based	on	such	evaluation;	and
	
(d)
Disclosed	in	this	report	any	change	in	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	registrant’s	most
recent	fiscal	quarter	(the	registrant’s	fourth	fiscal	quarter	in	the	case	of	an	annual	report)	that	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably
likely	to	materially	affect,	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting;	and
5.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	have	disclosed,	based	on	our	most	recent	evaluation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	to
the	registrant’s	auditors	and	the	audit	committee	of	the	registrant’s	Board	of	Directors	(or	persons	performing	the	equivalent	functions):
	
(a)
All	significant	deficiencies	and	material	weaknesses	in	the	design	or	operation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	are
reasonably	likely	to	adversely	affect	the	registrant’s	ability	to	record,	process,	summarize	and	report	financial	information;	and
	
(b)
Any	fraud,	whether	or	not	material,	that	involves	management	or	other	employees	who	have	a	significant	role	in	the	registrant’s	internal
control	over	financial	reporting.
	
Date:	February	19,	2019
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
	
	
	
Exhibit	31.2
CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Deepak	Ahuja,	certify	that:
1.
I	have	reviewed	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	of	Tesla,	Inc.;
2.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	this	report	does	not	contain	any	untrue	statement	of	a	material	fact	or	omit	to	state	a	material	fact	necessary	to	make
the	statements	made,	in	light	of	the	circumstances	under	which	such	statements	were	made,	not	misleading	with	respect	to	the	period	covered
by	this	report;
3.
Based	on	my	knowledge,	the	financial	statements,	and	other	financial	information	included	in	this	report,	fairly	present	in	all	material	respects
the	financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	the	registrant	as	of,	and	for,	the	periods	presented	in	this	report;
4.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	are	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	(as	defined	in
Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(e)	and	15d-15(e))	and	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	(as	defined	in	Exchange	Act	Rules	13a-15(f)	and	15d-
15(f))	for	the	registrant	and	have:	
(a)
Designed	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	or	caused	such	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	ensure	that	material	information	relating	to	the	registrant,	including	its	consolidated	subsidiaries,	is	made	known	to	us	by
others	within	those	entities,	particularly	during	the	period	in	which	this	report	is	being	prepared;
	
(b)
Designed	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	or	caused	such	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	to	be	designed	under	our
supervision,	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for
external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles;
	
(c)
Evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	the	registrant’s	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	and	presented	in	this	report	our	conclusions	about	the
effectiveness	of	the	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	as	of	the	end	of	the	period	covered	by	this	report	based	on	such	evaluation;	and
	
(d)
Disclosed	in	this	report	any	change	in	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	registrant’s	most
recent	fiscal	quarter	(the	registrant’s	fourth	fiscal	quarter	in	the	case	of	an	annual	report)	that	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably
likely	to	materially	affect,	the	registrant’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting;	and
5.
The	registrant’s	other	certifying	officer	and	I	have	disclosed,	based	on	our	most	recent	evaluation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	to
the	registrant’s	auditors	and	the	audit	committee	of	the	registrant’s	Board	of	Directors	(or	persons	performing	the	equivalent	functions):
	
(a)
All	significant	deficiencies	and	material	weaknesses	in	the	design	or	operation	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	which	are
reasonably	likely	to	adversely	affect	the	registrant’s	ability	to	record,	process,	summarize	and	report	financial	information;	and
	
(b)
Any	fraud,	whether	or	not	material,	that	involves	management	or	other	employees	who	have	a	significant	role	in	the	registrant’s	internal
control	over	financial	reporting.
	
Date:	February	19,	2019
	
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Financial	Officer)
	
	
Exhibit	32.1
SECTION	1350	CERTIFICATIONS
I,	Elon	Musk,	certify,	pursuant	to	18	U.S.C.	Section	1350,	that,	to	my	knowledge,	the	Annual	Report	of	Tesla,	Inc.	on	Form	10-K	for	the	annual	period
ended	December	31,	2018,	(i)	fully	complies	with	the	requirements	of	Section	13(a)	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and	(ii)	that	the
information	contained	in	such	Form	10-K	fairly	presents,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations	of	Tesla,	Inc.
	
Date:	February	19,	2019
	
	
/s/	Elon	Musk	
	
	
	
Elon	Musk
	
	
	
Chief	Executive	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Executive	Officer)
I,	Deepak	Ahuja,	certify,	pursuant	to	18	U.S.C.	Section	1350,	that,	to	my	knowledge,	the	Annual	Report	of	Tesla,	Inc.	on	Form	10-K	for	the	annual	period
ended	December	31,	2018,	(i)	fully	complies	with	the	requirements	of	Section	13(a)	or	15(d)	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934	and	(ii)	that	the
information	contained	in	such	Form	10-K	fairly	presents,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	condition	and	results	of	operations	of	Tesla,	Inc.
	
Date:	February	19,	2019
	
	
/s/	Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Deepak	Ahuja
	
	
	
Chief	Financial	Officer
	
	
	
(Principal	Financial	Officer)
	
	
	